---
title: Song of Solomon 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh
  with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine
  with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved.
</p>
<p>
  2 &#xB6; I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that
  knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for
  my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.
</p>
<p>
  3 I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how
  shall I defile them?
</p>
<p>
  4 My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved
  for him.
</p>
<p>
  5 I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with myrrh, and my
  fingers with sweet smelling myrrh, upon the handles of the lock.
</p>
<p>
  6 I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone:
  my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called
  him, but he gave me no answer.
</p>
<p>
  7 The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded
  me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.
</p>
<p>
  8 I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell
  him, that I am sick of love.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among
  women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge
  us?
</p>
<p>10 My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.</p>
<p>
  11 His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a
  raven.
</p>
<p>
  12 His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with
  milk, and fitly set.
</p>
<p>
  13 His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies,
  dropping sweet smelling myrrh.
</p>
<p>
  14 His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright
  ivory overlaid with sapphires.
</p>
<p>
  15 His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold: his
  countenance is as Lebanon, excellent as the cedars.
</p>
<p>
  16 His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved,
  and this is my friend, O daughters of Jerusalem.
</p>
