---
title: Song of Solomon 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:27 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy
  beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.
</p>
<p>
  2 My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in
  the gardens, and to gather lilies.
</p>
<p>
  3 I am my beloved&#x2019;s, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the
  lilies.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; Thou art beautiful, O my love, as Tirzah, comely as Jerusalem,
  terrible as an army with banners.
</p>
<p>
  5 Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me: thy hair is as a
  flock of goats that appear from Gilead.
</p>
<p>
  6 Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof
  every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them.
</p>
<p>7 As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks.</p>
<p>
  8 There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without
  number.
</p>
<p>
  9 My dove, my undefiled is but one; she is the only one of her mother, she is
  the choice one of her that bare her. The daughters saw her, and blessed her;
  yea, the queens and the concubines, and they praised her.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon,
  clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners?
</p>
<p>
  11 I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to
  see whether the vine flourished, and the pomegranates budded.
</p>
<p>12 Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib.</p>
<p>
  13 Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee.
  What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies.
</p>
