---
title: Song of Solomon 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:29 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince&#x2019;s daughter! the
  joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning
  workman.
</p>
<p>
  2 Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is
  like an heap of wheat set about with lilies.
</p>
<p>3 Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins.</p>
<p>
  4 Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon,
  by the gate of Bath-rabbim: thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh
  toward Damascus.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thine head upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple;
  the king is held in the galleries.
</p>
<p>6 How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!</p>
<p>
  7 This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of
  grapes.
</p>
<p>
  8 I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs
  thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell
  of thy nose like apples;
</p>
<p>
  9 And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down
  sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.
</p>
<p>10 &#xB6; I am my beloved&#x2019;s, and his desire is toward me.</p>
<p>
  11 Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the
  villages.
</p>
<p>
  12 Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish,
  whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I
  give thee my loves.
</p>
<p>
  13 The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant
  fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved.
</p>
