---
title: Ezra 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the Lord by
  the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the Lord stirred up the spirit of
  Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom,
  and put it also in writing, saying,
</p>
<p>
  2 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The Lord God of heaven hath given me all
  the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at
  Jerusalem, which is in Judah.
</p>
<p>
  3 Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him
  go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the Lord God of
  Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  4 And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his
  place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts,
  beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the
  priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up
  to build the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  6 And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of
  silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things,
  beside all that was willingly offered.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the
  Lord, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put
  them in the house of his gods;
</p>
<p>
  8 Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath
  the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
</p>
<p>
  9 And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers
  of silver, nine and twenty knives,
</p>
<p>
  10 Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten,
  and other vessels a thousand.
</p>
<p>
  11 All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred.
  All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were
  brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
</p>
