---
title: Ezra 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting
  himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a
  very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept
  very sore.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, answered and said
  unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of
  the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing.
</p>
<p>
  3 Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives,
  and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of
  those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according
  to the law.
</p>
<p>
  4 Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of
  good courage, and do it.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to
  swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the
  chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and when he came thither, he did eat
  no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them
  that had been carried away.
</p>
<p>
  7 And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the
  children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto
  Jerusalem;
</p>
<p>
  8 And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the
  counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited,
  and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried
  away.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together
  unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day
  of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God,
  trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and
  have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  11 Now therefore make confession unto the Lord God of your fathers, and do his
  pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the
  strange wives.
</p>
<p>
  12 Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast
  said, so must we do.
</p>
<p>
  13 But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able
  to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many
  that have transgressed in this thing.
</p>
<p>
  14 Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which
  have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them
  the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of
  our God for this matter be turned from us.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were
  employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped
  them.
</p>
<p>
  16 And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain
  chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by
  their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month
  to examine the matter.
</p>
<p>
  17 And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the
  first day of the first month.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken
  strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his
  brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
</p>
<p>
  19 And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being
  guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass.
</p>
<p>20 And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.</p>
<p>
  21 And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel,
  and Uzziah.
</p>
<p>
  22 And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad,
  and Elasah.
</p>
<p>
  23 Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is
  Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
</p>
<p>
  24 Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and
  Uri.
</p>
<p>
  25 Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and
  Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah.
</p>
<p>
  26 And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and
  Jeremoth, and Eliah.
</p>
<p>
  27 And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and
  Zabad, and Aziza.
</p>
<p>28 Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.</p>
<p>
  29 And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal,
  and Ramoth.
</p>
<p>
  30 And of the sons of Pahath-moab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah,
  Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.
</p>
<p>
  31 And of the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,
</p>
<p>32 Benjamin, Malluch, and Shemariah.</p>
<p>
  33 Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai,
  Manasseh, and Shimei.
</p>
<p>34 Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,</p>
<p>35 Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,</p>
<p>36 Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,</p>
<p>37 Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,</p>
<p>38 And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,</p>
<p>39 And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,</p>
<p>40 Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,</p>
<p>41 Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah,</p>
<p>42 Shallum, Amariah, and Joseph.</p>
<p>
  43 Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel,
  Benaiah.
</p>
<p>
  44 All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they
  had children.
</p>
