---
title: Ezra 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of
  the captivity builded the temple unto the Lord God of Israel;
</p>
<p>
  2 Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto
  them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do
  sacrifice unto him since the days of Esar-haddon king of Assur, which brought
  us up hither.
</p>
<p>
  3 But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of
  Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto
  our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the Lord God of Israel, as
  king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and
  troubled them in building,
</p>
<p>
  5 And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days
  of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.
</p>
<p>
  6 And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they
  unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and
  the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing
  of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian
  tongue.
</p>
<p>
  8 Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against
  Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:
</p>
<p>
  9 Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of
  their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the
  Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites,
  and the Elamites,
</p>
<p>
  10 And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnappar brought over,
  and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the
  river, and at such a time.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto
  Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such
  a time.
</p>
<p>
  12 Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are
  come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up
  the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.
</p>
<p>
  13 Be it known now unto the king, that, if this city be builded, and the walls
  set up again, then will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou
  shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.
</p>
<p>
  14 Now because we have maintenance from the king&#x2019;s palace, and it was
  not meet for us to see the king&#x2019;s dishonour, therefore have we sent and
  certified the king;
</p>
<p>
  15 That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt
  thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city is a rebellious
  city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition
  within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.
</p>
<p>
  16 We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the walls
  thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the
  river.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and to
  Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in
  Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.
</p>
<p>18 The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.</p>
<p>
  19 And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city
  of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and
  sedition have been made therein.
</p>
<p>
  20 There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all
  countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them.
</p>
<p>
  21 Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be
  not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me.
</p>
<p>
  22 Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the
  hurt of the kings?
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes&#x2019; letter was read before
  Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to
  Jerusalem unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.
</p>
<p>
  24 Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem. So it
  ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.
</p>
