---
title: Deuteronomy 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 At that time the Lord said unto me, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto
  the first, and come up unto me into the mount, and make thee an ark of wood.
</p>
<p>
  2 And I will write on the tables the words that were in the first tables which
  thou brakest, and thou shalt put them in the ark.
</p>
<p>
  3 And I made an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like unto
  the first, and went up into the mount, having the two tables in mine hand.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he wrote on the tables, according to the first writing, the ten
  commandments, which the Lord spake unto you in the mount out of the midst of
  the fire in the day of the assembly: and the Lord gave them unto me.
</p>
<p>
  5 And I turned myself and came down from the mount, and put the tables in the
  ark which I had made; and there they be, as the Lord commanded me.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And the children of Israel took their journey from Beeroth of the
  children of Jaakan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and
  Eleazar his son ministered in the priest&#x2019;s office in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  7 From thence they journeyed unto Gudgodah; and from Gudgodah to Jotbath, a
  land of rivers of waters.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; At that time the Lord separated the tribe of Levi, to bear the ark of
  the covenant of the Lord, to stand before the Lord to minister unto him, and
  to bless in his name, unto this day.
</p>
<p>
  9 Wherefore Levi hath no part nor inheritance with his brethren; the Lord is
  his inheritance, according as the Lord thy God promised him.
</p>
<p>
  10 And I stayed in the mount, according to the first time, forty days and
  forty nights; and the Lord hearkened unto me at that time also, and the Lord
  would not destroy thee.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the Lord said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that
  they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give
  unto them.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And now, Israel, what doth the Lord thy God require of thee, but to
  fear the Lord thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve
  the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul,
</p>
<p>
  13 To keep the commandments of the Lord, and his statutes, which I command
  thee this day for thy good?
</p>
<p>
  14 Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the Lord&#x2019;s thy God,
  the earth also, with all that therein is.
</p>
<p>
  15 Only the Lord had a delight in thy fathers to love them, and he chose their
  seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day.
</p>
<p>
  16 Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more
  stiffnecked.
</p>
<p>
  17 For the Lord your God is God of gods, and Lord of lords, a great God, a
  mighty, and a terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor taketh reward:
</p>
<p>
  18 He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow, and loveth the
  stranger, in giving him food and raiment.
</p>
<p>
  19 Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  20 Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God; him shalt thou serve, and to him shalt
  thou cleave, and swear by his name.
</p>
<p>
  21 He is thy praise, and he is thy God, that hath done for thee these great
  and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen.
</p>
<p>
  22 Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten persons; and now
  the Lord thy God hath made thee as the stars of heaven for multitude.
</p>
