---
title: Deuteronomy 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<span></span>
<p>
  1 And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the
  top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the Lord shewed him all the
  land of Gilead, unto Dan,
</p>
<p>
  2 And all Naphtali, and the land of Ephraim, and Manasseh, and all the land of
  Judah, unto the utmost sea,
</p>
<p>
  3 And the south, and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city of palm
  trees, unto Zoar.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the Lord said unto him, This is the land which I sware unto Abraham,
  unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, saying, I will give it unto thy seed: I have
  caused thee to see it with thine eyes, but thou shalt not go over thither.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; So Moses the servant of the Lord died there in the land of Moab,
  according to the word of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab, over against Beth-peor:
  but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye
  was not dim, nor his natural force abated.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab
  thirty days: so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses
  had laid his hands upon him: and the children of Israel hearkened unto him,
  and did as the Lord commanded Moses.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses, whom
  the Lord knew face to face,
</p>
<p>
  11 In all the signs and the wonders, which the Lord sent him to do in the land
  of Egypt to Pharaoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land,
</p>
<p>
  12 And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses shewed
  in the sight of all Israel.
</p>
