---
title: Deuteronomy 9
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 9
---

<p>
  1 Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass over Jordan this day, to go in to possess
  nations greater and mightier than thyself, cities great and fenced up to
  heaven,
</p>
<p>
  2 A people great and tall, the children of the Anakims, whom thou knowest, and
  of whom thou hast heard say, Who can stand before the children of Anak!
</p>
<p>
  3 Understand therefore this day, that the Lord thy God is he which goeth over
  before thee; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he shall bring
  them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and destroy them
  quickly, as the Lord hath said unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  4 Speak not thou in thine heart, after that the Lord thy God hath cast them
  out from before thee, saying, For my righteousness the Lord hath brought me in
  to possess this land: but for the wickedness of these nations the Lord doth
  drive them out from before thee.
</p>
<p>
  5 Not for thy righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart, dost thou
  go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the Lord thy
  God doth drive them out from before thee, and that he may perform the word
  which the Lord sware unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  6 Understand therefore, that the Lord thy God giveth thee not this good land
  to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou art a stiffnecked people.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst the Lord thy God to
  wrath in the wilderness: from the day that thou didst depart out of the land
  of Egypt, until ye came unto this place, ye have been rebellious against the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  8 Also in Horeb ye provoked the Lord to wrath, so that the Lord was angry with
  you to have destroyed you.
</p>
<p>
  9 When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone, even the
  tables of the covenant which the Lord made with you, then I abode in the mount
  forty days and forty nights, I neither did eat bread nor drink water:
</p>
<p>
  10 And the Lord delivered unto me two tables of stone written with the finger
  of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the Lord
  spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the
  assembly.
</p>
<p>
  11 And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that the
  Lord gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 And the Lord said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy
  people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves;
  they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have
  made them a molten image.
</p>
<p>
  13 Furthermore the Lord spake unto me, saying, I have seen this people, and,
  behold, it is a stiffnecked people:
</p>
<p>
  14 Let me alone, that I may destroy them, and blot out their name from under
  heaven: and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they.
</p>
<p>
  15 So I turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire:
  and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands.
</p>
<p>
  16 And I looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against the Lord your God, and had
  made you a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the
  Lord had commanded you.
</p>
<p>
  17 And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake
  them before your eyes.
</p>
<p>
  18 And I fell down before the Lord, as at the first, forty days and forty
  nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink water, because of all your sins
  which ye sinned, in doing wickedly in the sight of the Lord, to provoke him to
  anger.
</p>
<p>
  19 For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, wherewith the Lord was
  wroth against you to destroy you. But the Lord hearkened unto me at that time
  also.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the Lord was very angry with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed
  for Aaron also the same time.
</p>
<p>
  21 And I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire,
  and stamped it, and ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust:
  and I cast the dust thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount.
</p>
<p>
  22 And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibroth-hattaavah, ye provoked the
  Lord to wrath.
</p>
<p>
  23 Likewise when the Lord sent you from Kadesh-barnea, saying, Go up and
  possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against the
  commandment of the Lord your God, and ye believed him not, nor hearkened to
  his voice.
</p>
<p>24 Ye have been rebellious against the Lord from the day that I knew you.</p>
<p>
  25 Thus I fell down before the Lord forty days and forty nights, as I fell
  down at the first; because the Lord had said he would destroy you.
</p>
<p>
  26 I prayed therefore unto the Lord, and said, O Lord God, destroy not thy
  people and thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed through thy greatness,
  which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
</p>
<p>
  27 Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not unto the
  stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:
</p>
<p>
  28 Lest the land whence thou broughtest us out say, Because the Lord was not
  able to bring them into the land which he promised them, and because he hated
  them, he hath brought them out to slay them in the wilderness.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  29 Yet they are thy people and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest out by
  thy mighty power and by thy stretched out arm.
</p>
