---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 100
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 103
---

<p>
  1 Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you, my friends Sidney and Joseph, your
  families are well; they are in mine hands, and I will do with them as seemeth
  me good; for in me there is all power.
</p>
<p>
  2 Therefore, follow me, and listen to the counsel which I shall give unto you.
</p>
<p>
  3 Behold, and lo, I have much people in this place, in the regions round
  about; and an effectual door shall be opened in the regions round about in
  this eastern land.
</p>
<p>
  4 Therefore, I, the Lord, have suffered you to come unto this place; for thus
  it was expedient in me for the salvation of souls.
</p>
<p>
  5 Therefore, verily I say unto you, lift up your voices unto this people;
  speak the thoughts that I shall put into your hearts, and you shall not be
  confounded before men;
</p>
<p>
  6 For it shall be given you in the very hour, yea, in the very moment, what ye
  shall say.
</p>
<p>
  7 But a commandment I give unto you, that ye shall declare whatsoever thing ye
  declare in my name, in solemnity of heart, in the spirit of meekness, in all
  things.
</p>
<p>
  8 And I give unto you this promise, that inasmuch as ye do this the Holy Ghost
  shall be shed forth in bearing record unto all things whatsoever ye shall say.
</p>
<p>
  9 And it is expedient in me that you, my servant Sidney, should be a spokesman
  unto this people; yea, verily, I will ordain you unto this calling, even to be
  a spokesman unto my servant Joseph.
</p>
<p>10 And I will give unto him power to be mighty in testimony.</p>
<p>
  11 And I will give unto thee power to be mighty in expounding all scriptures,
  that thou mayest be a spokesman unto him, and he shall be a revelator unto
  thee, that thou mayest know the certainty of all things pertaining to the
  things of my kingdom on the earth.
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore, continue your journey and let your hearts rejoice; for behold,
  and lo, I am with you even unto the end.
</p>
<p>
  13 And now I give unto you a word concerning Zion. Zion shall be redeemed,
  although she is chastened for a little season.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thy brethren, my servants Orson Hyde and John Gould, are in my hands; and
  inasmuch as they keep my commandments they shall be saved.
</p>
<p>
  15 Therefore, let your hearts be comforted; for all things shall work together
  for good to them that walk uprightly, and to the sanctification of the church.
</p>
<p>
  16 For I will raise up unto myself a pure people, that will serve me in
  righteousness;
</p>
<p>
  17 And all that call upon the name of the Lord, and keep his commandments,
  shall be saved. Even so. Amen.
</p>
