---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 111
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 114
---

<p>
  1 I, the Lord your God, am not displeased with your coming this journey,
  notwithstanding your follies.
</p>
<p>
  2 I have much treasure in this city for you, for the benefit of Zion, and many
  people in this city, whom I will gather out in due time for the benefit of
  Zion, through your instrumentality.
</p>
<p>
  3 Therefore, it is expedient that you should form acquaintance with men in
  this city, as you shall be led, and as it shall be given you.
</p>
<p>
  4 And it shall come to pass in due time that I will give this city into your
  hands, that you shall have power over it, insomuch that they shall not
  discover your secret parts; and its wealth pertaining to gold and silver shall
  be yours.
</p>
<p>
  5 Concern not yourselves about your debts, for I will give you power to pay
  them.
</p>
<p>6 Concern not yourselves about Zion, for I will deal mercifully with her.</p>
<p>7 Tarry in this place, and in the regions round about;</p>
<p>
  8 And the place where it is my will that you should tarry, for the main, shall
  be signalized unto you by the peace and power of my Spirit, that shall flow
  unto you.
</p>
<p>
  9 This place you may obtain by hire. And inquire diligently concerning the
  more ancient inhabitants and founders of this city;
</p>
<p>10 For there are more treasures than one for you in this city.</p>
<p>
  11 Therefore, be ye as wise as serpents and yet without sin; and I will order
  all things for your good, as fast as ye are able to receive them. Amen.
</p>
