---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 14
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 17
---

<p>
  1 A great and marvelous work is about to come forth unto the children of men.
</p>
<p>
  2 Behold, I am God; give heed to my word, which is quick and powerful, sharper
  than a two-edged sword, to the dividing asunder of both joints and marrow;
  therefore give heed unto my word.
</p>
<p>
  3 Behold, the field is white already to harvest; therefore, whoso desireth to
  reap let him thrust in his sickle with his might, and reap while the day
  lasts, that he may treasure up for his soul everlasting salvation in the
  kingdom of God.
</p>
<p>
  4 Yea, whosoever will thrust in his sickle and reap, the same is called of
  God.
</p>
<p>
  5 Therefore, if you will ask of me you shall receive; if you will knock it
  shall be opened unto you.
</p>
<p>
  6 Seek to bring forth and establish my Zion. Keep my commandments in all
  things.
</p>
<p>
  7 And, if you keep my commandments and endure to the end you shall have
  eternal life, which gift is the greatest of all the gifts of God.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it shall come to pass, that if you shall ask the Father in my name, in
  faith believing, you shall receive the Holy Ghost, which giveth utterance,
  that you may stand as a witness of the things of which you shall both hear and
  see, and also that you may declare repentance unto this generation.
</p>
<p>
  9 Behold, I am Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, who created the
  heavens and the earth, a light which cannot be hid in darkness;
</p>
<p>
  10 Wherefore, I must bring forth the fulness of my gospel from the Gentiles
  unto the house of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  11 And behold, thou art David, and thou art called to assist; which thing if
  ye do, and are faithful, ye shall be blessed both spiritually and temporally,
  and great shall be your reward. Amen.
</p>
