---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 19
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 22
---

<p>
  1 I am Alpha and Omega, Christ the Lord; yea, even I am he, the beginning and
  the end, the Redeemer of the world.
</p>
<p>
  2 I, having accomplished and finished the will of him whose I am, even the
  Father, concerning me&#x2014;having done this that I might subdue all things
  unto myself&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  3 Retaining all power, even to the destroying of Satan and his works at the
  end of the world, and the last great day of judgment, which I shall pass upon
  the inhabitants thereof, judging every man according to his works and the
  deeds which he hath done.
</p>
<p>4 And surely every man must repent or suffer, for I, God, am endless.</p>
<p>
  5 Wherefore, I revoke not the judgments which I shall pass, but woes shall go
  forth, weeping, wailing and gnashing of teeth, yea, to those who are found on
  my left hand.
</p>
<p>
  6 Nevertheless, it is not written that there shall be no end to this torment,
  but it is written endless torment.
</p>
<p>
  7 Again, it is written eternal damnation; wherefore it is more express than
  other scriptures, that it might work upon the hearts of the children of men,
  altogether for my name&#x2019;s glory.
</p>
<p>
  8 Wherefore, I will explain unto you this mystery, for it is meet unto you to
  know even as mine apostles.
</p>
<p>
  9 I speak unto you that are chosen in this thing, even as one, that you may
  enter into my rest.
</p>
<p>
  10 For, behold, the mystery of godliness, how great is it! For, behold, I am
  endless, and the punishment which is given from my hand is endless punishment,
  for Endless is my name. Wherefore&#x2014;
</p>
<p>11 Eternal punishment is God&#x2019;s punishment.</p>
<p>12 Endless punishment is God&#x2019;s punishment.</p>
<p>
  13 Wherefore, I command you to repent, and keep the commandments which you
  have received by the hand of my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., in my name;
</p>
<p>14 And it is by my almighty power that you have received them;</p>
<p>
  15 Therefore I command you to repent&#x2014;repent, lest I smite you by the
  rod of my mouth, and by my wrath, and by my anger, and your sufferings be
  sore&#x2014;how sore you know not, how exquisite you know not, yea, how hard
  to bear you know not.
</p>
<p>
  16 For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for all, that they might not
  suffer if they would repent;
</p>
<p>17 But if they would not repent they must suffer even as I;</p>
<p>
  18 Which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to tremble
  because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and
  spirit&#x2014;and would that I might not drink the bitter cup, and
  shrink&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  19 Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I partook and finished my
  preparations unto the children of men.
</p>
<p>
  20 Wherefore, I command you again to repent, lest I humble you with my
  almighty power; and that you confess your sins, lest you suffer these
  punishments of which I have spoken, of which in the smallest, yea, even in the
  least degree you have tasted at the time I withdrew my Spirit.
</p>
<p>
  21 And I command you that you preach naught but repentance, and show not these
  things unto the world until it is wisdom in me.
</p>
<p>
  22 For they cannot bear meat now, but milk they must receive; wherefore, they
  must not know these things, lest they perish.
</p>
<p>
  23 Learn of me, and listen to my words; walk in the meekness of my Spirit, and
  you shall have peace in me.
</p>
<p>
  24 I am Jesus Christ; I came by the will of the Father, and I do his will.
</p>
<p>
  25 And again, I command thee that thou shalt not covet thy neighbor&#x2019;s
  wife; nor seek thy neighbor&#x2019;s life.
</p>
<p>
  26 And again, I command thee that thou shalt not covet thine own property, but
  impart it freely to the printing of the Book of Mormon, which contains the
  truth and the word of God&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  27 Which is my word to the Gentile, that soon it may go to the Jew, of whom
  the Lamanites are a remnant, that they may believe the gospel, and look not
  for a Messiah to come who has already come.
</p>
<p>
  28 And again, I command thee that thou shalt pray vocally as well as in thy
  heart; yea, before the world as well as in secret, in public as well as in
  private.
</p>
<p>
  29 And thou shalt declare glad tidings, yea, publish it upon the mountains,
  and upon every high place, and among every people that thou shalt be permitted
  to see.
</p>
<p>
  30 And thou shalt do it with all humility, trusting in me, reviling not
  against revilers.
</p>
<p>
  31 And of tenets thou shalt not talk, but thou shalt declare repentance and
  faith on the Savior, and remission of sins by baptism, and by fire, yea, even
  the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  32 Behold, this is a great and the last commandment which I shall give unto
  you concerning this matter; for this shall suffice for thy daily walk, even
  unto the end of thy life.
</p>
<p>
  33 And misery thou shalt receive if thou wilt slight these counsels, yea, even
  the destruction of thyself and property.
</p>
<p>
  34 Impart a portion of thy property, yea, even part of thy lands, and all save
  the support of thy family.
</p>
<p>
  35 Pay the debt thou hast contracted with the printer. Release thyself from
  bondage.
</p>
<p>
  36 Leave thy house and home, except when thou shalt desire to see thy family;
</p>
<p>
  37 And speak freely to all; yea, preach, exhort, declare the truth, even with
  a loud voice, with a sound of rejoicing, crying&#x2014;Hosanna, hosanna,
  blessed be the name of the Lord God!
</p>
<p>
  38 Pray always, and I will pour out my Spirit upon you, and great shall be
  your blessing&#x2014;yea, even more than if you should obtain treasures of
  earth and corruptibleness to the extent thereof.
</p>
<p>
  39 Behold, canst thou read this without rejoicing and lifting up thy heart for
  gladness?
</p>
<p>40 Or canst thou run about longer as a blind guide?</p>
<p>
  41 Or canst thou be humble and meek, and conduct thyself wisely before me?
  Yea, come unto me thy Savior. Amen.
</p>
