---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 25
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 28
---

<p>
  1 Hearken unto the voice of the Lord your God, while I speak unto you, Emma
  Smith, my daughter; for verily I say unto you, all those who receive my gospel
  are sons and daughters in my kingdom.
</p>
<p>
  2 A revelation I give unto you concerning my will; and if thou art faithful
  and walk in the paths of virtue before me, I will preserve thy life, and thou
  shalt receive an inheritance in Zion.
</p>
<p>
  3 Behold, thy sins are forgiven thee, and thou art an elect lady, whom I have
  called.
</p>
<p>
  4 Murmur not because of the things which thou hast not seen, for they are
  withheld from thee and from the world, which is wisdom in me in a time to
  come.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the office of thy calling shall be for a comfort unto my servant, Joseph
  Smith, Jun., thy husband, in his afflictions, with consoling words, in the
  spirit of meekness.
</p>
<p>
  6 And thou shalt go with him at the time of his going, and be unto him for a
  scribe, while there is no one to be a scribe for him, that I may send my
  servant, Oliver Cowdery, whithersoever I will.
</p>
<p>
  7 And thou shalt be ordained under his hand to expound scriptures, and to
  exhort the church, according as it shall be given thee by my Spirit.
</p>
<p>
  8 For he shall lay his hands upon thee, and thou shalt receive the Holy Ghost,
  and thy time shall be given to writing, and to learning much.
</p>
<p>
  9 And thou needest not fear, for thy husband shall support thee in the church;
  for unto them is his calling, that all things might be revealed unto them,
  whatsoever I will, according to their faith.
</p>
<p>
  10 And verily I say unto thee that thou shalt lay aside the things of this
  world, and seek for the things of a better.
</p>
<p>
  11 And it shall be given thee, also, to make a selection of sacred hymns, as
  it shall be given thee, which is pleasing unto me, to be had in my church.
</p>
<p>
  12 For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart; yea, the song of the
  righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing upon
  their heads.
</p>
<p>
  13 Wherefore, lift up thy heart and rejoice, and cleave unto the covenants
  which thou hast made.
</p>
<p>
  14 Continue in the spirit of meekness, and beware of pride. Let thy soul
  delight in thy husband, and the glory which shall come upon him.
</p>
<p>
  15 Keep my commandments continually, and a crown of righteousness thou shalt
  receive. And except thou do this, where I am you cannot come.
</p>
<p>
  16 And verily, verily, I say unto you, that this is my voice unto all. Amen.
</p>
