---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 29
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:42 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 32
---

<p>
  1 Listen to the voice of Jesus Christ, your Redeemer, the Great I Am, whose
  arm of mercy hath atoned for your sins;
</p>
<p>
  2 Who will gather his people even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her
  wings, even as many as will hearken to my voice and humble themselves before
  me, and call upon me in mighty prayer.
</p>
<p>
  3 Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, that at this time your sins are
  forgiven you, therefore ye receive these things; but remember to sin no more,
  lest perils shall come upon you.
</p>
<p>
  4 Verily, I say unto you that ye are chosen out of the world to declare my
  gospel with the sound of rejoicing, as with the voice of a trump.
</p>
<p>
  5 Lift up your hearts and be glad, for I am in your midst, and am your
  advocate with the Father; and it is his good will to give you the kingdom.
</p>
<p>
  6 And, as it is written&#x2014;Whatsoever ye shall ask in faith, being united
  in prayer according to my command, ye shall receive.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 And ye are called to bring to pass the gathering of mine elect; for mine
  elect hear my voice and harden not their hearts;
</p>
<p>
  8 Wherefore the decree hath gone forth from the Father that they shall be
  gathered in unto one place upon the face of this land, to prepare their hearts
  and be prepared in all things against the day when tribulation and desolation
  are sent forth upon the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  9 For the hour is nigh and the day soon at hand when the earth is ripe; and
  all the proud and they that do wickedly shall be as stubble; and I will burn
  them up, saith the Lord of Hosts, that wickedness shall not be upon the earth;
</p>
<p>
  10 For the hour is nigh, and that which was spoken by mine apostles must be
  fulfilled; for as they spoke so shall it come to pass;
</p>
<p>
  11 For I will reveal myself from heaven with power and great glory, with all
  the hosts thereof, and dwell in righteousness with men on earth a thousand
  years, and the wicked shall not stand.
</p>
<p>
  12 And again, verily, verily, I say unto you, and it hath gone forth in a firm
  decree, by the will of the Father, that mine apostles, the Twelve which were
  with me in my ministry at Jerusalem, shall stand at my right hand at the day
  of my coming in a pillar of fire, being clothed with robes of righteousness,
  with crowns upon their heads, in glory even as I am, to judge the whole house
  of Israel, even as many as have loved me and kept my commandments, and none
  else.
</p>
<p>
  13 For a trump shall sound both long and loud, even as upon Mount Sinai, and
  all the earth shall quake, and they shall come forth&#x2014;yea, even the dead
  which died in me, to receive a crown of righteousness, and to be clothed upon,
  even as I am, to be with me, that we may be one.
</p>
<p>
  14 But, behold, I say unto you that before this great day shall come the sun
  shall be darkened, and the moon shall be turned into blood, and the stars
  shall fall from heaven, and there shall be greater signs in heaven above and
  in the earth beneath;
</p>
<p>15 And there shall be weeping and wailing among the hosts of men;</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 And there shall be a great hailstorm sent forth to destroy the crops of the
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 And it shall come to pass, because of the wickedness of the world, that I
  will take vengeance upon the wicked, for they will not repent; for the cup of
  mine indignation is full; for behold, my blood shall not cleanse them if they
  hear me not.
</p>
<p>
  18 Wherefore, I the Lord God will send forth flies upon the face of the earth,
  which shall take hold of the inhabitants thereof, and shall eat their flesh,
  and shall cause maggots to come in upon them;
</p>
<p>
  19 And their tongues shall be stayed that they shall not utter against me; and
  their flesh shall fall from off their bones, and their eyes from their
  sockets;
</p>
<p>
  20 And it shall come to pass that the beasts of the forest and the fowls of
  the air shall devour them up.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the great and abominable church, which is the whore of all the earth,
  shall be cast down by devouring fire, according as it is spoken by the mouth
  of Ezekiel the prophet, who spoke of these things, which have not come to pass
  but surely must, as I live, for abominations shall not reign.
</p>
<p>
  22 And again, verily, verily, I say unto you that when the thousand years are
  ended, and men again begin to deny their God, then will I spare the earth but
  for a little season;
</p>
<p>
  23 And the end shall come, and the heaven and the earth shall be consumed and
  pass away, and there shall be a new heaven and a new earth.
</p>
<p>
  24 For all old things shall pass away, and all things shall become new, even
  the heaven and the earth, and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts,
  the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea;
</p>
<p>
  25 And not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, for it is the workmanship of
  mine hand.
</p>
<p>
  26 But, behold, verily I say unto you, before the earth shall pass away,
  Michael, mine archangel, shall sound his trump, and then shall all the dead
  awake, for their graves shall be opened, and they shall come forth&#x2014;yea,
  even all.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the righteous shall be gathered on my right hand unto eternal life; and
  the wicked on my left hand will I be ashamed to own before the Father;
</p>
<p>
  28 Wherefore I will say unto them&#x2014;Depart from me, ye cursed, into
  everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels.
</p>
<p>
  29 And now, behold, I say unto you, never at any time have I declared from
  mine own mouth that they should return, for where I am they cannot come, for
  they have no power.
</p>
<p>
  30 But remember that all my judgments are not given unto men; and as the words
  have gone forth out of my mouth even so shall they be fulfilled, that the
  first shall be last, and that the last shall be first in all things whatsoever
  I have created by the word of my power, which is the power of my Spirit.
</p>
<p>
  31 For by the power of my Spirit created I them; yea, all things both
  spiritual and temporal&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  32 First spiritual, secondly temporal, which is the beginning of my work; and
  again, first temporal, and secondly spiritual, which is the last of my
  work&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  33 Speaking unto you that you may naturally understand; but unto myself my
  works have no end, neither beginning; but it is given unto you that ye may
  understand, because ye have asked it of me and are agreed.
</p>
<p>
  34 Wherefore, verily I say unto you that all things unto me are spiritual, and
  not at any time have I given unto you a law which was temporal; neither any
  man, nor the children of men; neither Adam, your father, whom I created.
</p>
<p>
  35 Behold, I gave unto him that he should be an agent unto himself; and I gave
  unto him commandment, but no temporal commandment gave I unto him, for my
  commandments are spiritual; they are not natural nor temporal, neither carnal
  nor sensual.
</p>
<p>
  36 And it came to pass that Adam, being tempted of the devil&#x2014;for,
  behold, the devil was before Adam, for he rebelled against me, saying, Give me
  thine honor, which is my power; and also a third part of the hosts of heaven
  turned he away from me because of their agency;
</p>
<p>37 And they were thrust down, and thus came the devil and his angels;</p>
<p>
  38 And, behold, there is a place prepared for them from the beginning, which
  place is hell.
</p>
<p>
  39 And it must needs be that the devil should tempt the children of men, or
  they could not be agents unto themselves; for if they never should have bitter
  they could not know the sweet&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  40 Wherefore, it came to pass that the devil tempted Adam, and he partook of
  the forbidden fruit and transgressed the commandment, wherein he became
  subject to the will of the devil, because he yielded unto temptation.
</p>
<p>
  41 Wherefore, I, the Lord God, caused that he should be cast out from the
  Garden of Eden, from my presence, because of his transgression, wherein he
  became spiritually dead, which is the first death, even that same death which
  is the last death, which is spiritual, which shall be pronounced upon the
  wicked when I shall say: Depart, ye cursed.
</p>
<p>
  42 But, behold, I say unto you that I, the Lord God, gave unto Adam and unto
  his seed, that they should not die as to the temporal death, until I, the Lord
  God, should send forth angels to declare unto them repentance and redemption,
  through faith on the name of mine Only Begotten Son.
</p>
<p>
  43 And thus did I, the Lord God, appoint unto man the days of his
  probation&#x2014;that by his natural death he might be raised in immortality
  unto eternal life, even as many as would believe;
</p>
<p>
  44 And they that believe not unto eternal damnation; for they cannot be
  redeemed from their spiritual fall, because they repent not;
</p>
<p>
  45 For they love darkness rather than light, and their deeds are evil, and
  they receive their wages of whom they list to obey.
</p>
<p>
  46 But behold, I say unto you, that little children are redeemed from the
  foundation of the world through mine Only Begotten;
</p>
<p>
  47 Wherefore, they cannot sin, for power is not given unto Satan to tempt
  little children, until they begin to become accountable before me;
</p>
<p>
  48 For it is given unto them even as I will, according to mine own pleasure,
  that great things may be required at the hand of their fathers.
</p>
<p>
  49 And, again, I say unto you, that whoso having knowledge, have I not
  commanded to repent?
</p>
<p>
  50 And he that hath no understanding, it remaineth in me to do according as it
  is written. And now I declare no more unto you at this time. Amen.
</p>
