---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 31
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>1 Thomas, my son, blessed are you because of your faith in my work.</p>
<p>
  2 Behold, you have had many afflictions because of your family; nevertheless,
  I will bless you and your family, yea, your little ones; and the day cometh
  that they will believe and know the truth and be one with you in my church.
</p>
<p>
  3 Lift up your heart and rejoice, for the hour of your mission is come; and
  your tongue shall be loosed, and you shall declare glad tidings of great joy
  unto this generation.
</p>
<p>
  4 You shall declare the things which have been revealed to my servant, Joseph
  Smith, Jun. You shall begin to preach from this time forth, yea, to reap in
  the field which is white already to be burned.
</p>
<p>
  5 Therefore, thrust in your sickle with all your soul, and your sins are
  forgiven you, and you shall be laden with sheaves upon your back, for the
  laborer is worthy of his hire. Wherefore, your family shall live.
</p>
<p>
  6 Behold, verily I say unto you, go from them only for a little time, and
  declare my word, and I will prepare a place for them.
</p>
<p>
  7 Yea, I will open the hearts of the people, and they will receive you. And I
  will establish a church by your hand;
</p>
<p>
  8 And you shall strengthen them and prepare them against the time when they
  shall be gathered.
</p>
<p>
  9 Be patient in afflictions, revile not against those that revile. Govern your
  house in meekness, and be steadfast.
</p>
<p>
  10 Behold, I say unto you that you shall be a physician unto the church, but
  not unto the world, for they will not receive you.
</p>
<p>
  11 Go your way whithersoever I will, and it shall be given you by the
  Comforter what you shall do and whither you shall go.
</p>
<p>12 Pray always, lest you enter into temptation and lose your reward.</p>
<p>
  13 Be faithful unto the end, and lo, I am with you. These words are not of man
  nor of men, but of me, even Jesus Christ, your Redeemer, by the will of the
  Father. Amen.
</p>
