---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 39
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 42
---

<p>
  1 Hearken and listen to the voice of him who is from all eternity to all
  eternity, the Great I Am, even Jesus Christ&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  2 The light and the life of the world; a light which shineth in darkness and
  the darkness comprehendeth it not;
</p>
<p>
  3 The same which came in the meridian of time unto mine own, and mine own
  received me not;
</p>
<p>
  4 But to as many as received me, gave I power to become my sons; and even so
  will I give unto as many as will receive me, power to become my sons.
</p>
<p>
  5 And verily, verily, I say unto you, he that receiveth my gospel receiveth
  me; and he that receiveth not my gospel receiveth not me.
</p>
<p>
  6 And this is my gospel&#x2014;repentance and baptism by water, and then
  cometh the baptism of fire and the Holy Ghost, even the Comforter, which
  showeth all things, and teacheth the peaceable things of the kingdom.
</p>
<p>
  7 And now, behold, I say unto you, my servant James, I have looked upon thy
  works and I know thee.
</p>
<p>
  8 And verily I say unto thee, thine heart is now right before me at this time;
  and, behold, I have bestowed great blessings upon thy head;
</p>
<p>
  9 Nevertheless, thou hast seen great sorrow, for thou hast rejected me many
  times because of pride and the cares of the world.
</p>
<p>
  10 But, behold, the days of thy deliverance are come, if thou wilt hearken to
  my voice, which saith unto thee: Arise and be baptized, and wash away your
  sins, calling on my name, and you shall receive my Spirit, and a blessing so
  great as you never have known.
</p>
<p>
  11 And if thou do this, I have prepared thee for a greater work. Thou shalt
  preach the fulness of my gospel, which I have sent forth in these last days,
  the covenant which I have sent forth to recover my people, which are of the
  house of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  12 And it shall come to pass that power shall rest upon thee; thou shalt have
  great faith, and I will be with thee and go before thy face.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thou art called to labor in my vineyard, and to build up my church, and to
  bring forth Zion, that it may rejoice upon the hills and flourish.
</p>
<p>
  14 Behold, verily, verily, I say unto thee, thou art not called to go into the
  eastern countries, but thou art called to go to the Ohio.
</p>
<p>
  15 And inasmuch as my people shall assemble themselves at the Ohio, I have
  kept in store a blessing such as is not known among the children of men, and
  it shall be poured forth upon their heads. And from thence men shall go forth
  into all nations.
</p>
<p>
  16 Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, that the people in Ohio call upon
  me in much faith, thinking I will stay my hand in judgment upon the nations,
  but I cannot deny my word.
</p>
<p>
  17 Wherefore lay to with your might and call faithful laborers into my
  vineyard, that it may be pruned for the last time.
</p>
<p>
  18 And inasmuch as they do repent and receive the fulness of my gospel, and
  become sanctified, I will stay mine hand in judgment.
</p>
<p>
  19 Wherefore, go forth, crying with a loud voice, saying: The kingdom of
  heaven is at hand; crying: Hosanna! blessed be the name of the Most High God.
</p>
<p>
  20 Go forth baptizing with water, preparing the way before my face for the
  time of my coming;
</p>
<p>
  21 For the time is at hand; the day or the hour no man knoweth; but it surely
  shall come.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he that receiveth these things receiveth me; and they shall be gathered
  unto me in time and in eternity.
</p>
<p>
  23 And again, it shall come to pass that on as many as ye shall baptize with
  water, ye shall lay your hands, and they shall receive the gift of the Holy
  Ghost, and shall be looking forth for the signs of my coming, and shall know
  me.
</p>
<p>24 Behold, I come quickly. Even so. Amen.</p>
