---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 54
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 57
---

<p>
  1 Behold, thus saith the Lord, even Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the
  end, even he who was crucified for the sins of the world&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  2 Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, my servant Newel Knight, you shall
  stand fast in the office whereunto I have appointed you.
</p>
<p>
  3 And if your brethren desire to escape their enemies, let them repent of all
  their sins, and become truly humble before me and contrite.
</p>
<p>
  4 And as the covenant which they made unto me has been broken, even so it has
  become void and of none effect.
</p>
<p>
  5 And wo to him by whom this offense cometh, for it had been better for him
  that he had been drowned in the depth of the sea.
</p>
<p>
  6 But blessed are they who have kept the covenant and observed the
  commandment, for they shall obtain mercy.
</p>
<p>
  7 Wherefore, go to now and flee the land, lest your enemies come upon you; and
  take your journey, and appoint whom you will to be your leader, and to pay
  moneys for you.
</p>
<p>
  8 And thus you shall take your journey into the regions westward, unto the
  land of Missouri, unto the borders of the Lamanites.
</p>
<p>
  9 And after you have done journeying, behold, I say unto you, seek ye a living
  like unto men, until I prepare a place for you.
</p>
<p>
  10 And again, be patient in tribulation until I come; and, behold, I come
  quickly, and my reward is with me, and they who have sought me early shall
  find rest to their souls. Even so. Amen.
</p>
