---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 78
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 81
---

<p>
  1 The Lord spake unto Joseph Smith, Jun., saying: Hearken unto me, saith the
  Lord your God, who are ordained unto the high priesthood of my church, who
  have assembled yourselves together;
</p>
<p>
  2 And listen to the counsel of him who has ordained you from on high, who
  shall speak in your ears the words of wisdom, that salvation may be unto you
  in that thing which you have presented before me, saith the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  3 For verily I say unto you, the time has come, and is now at hand; and
  behold, and lo, it must needs be that there be an organization of my people,
  in regulating and establishing the affairs of the storehouse for the poor of
  my people, both in this place and in the land of Zion&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  4 For a permanent and everlasting establishment and order unto my church, to
  advance the cause, which ye have espoused, to the salvation of man, and to the
  glory of your Father who is in heaven;
</p>
<p>
  5 That you may be equal in the bonds of heavenly things, yea, and earthly
  things also, for the obtaining of heavenly things.
</p>
<p>
  6 For if ye are not equal in earthly things ye cannot be equal in obtaining
  heavenly things;
</p>
<p>
  7 For if you will that I give unto you a place in the celestial world, you
  must prepare yourselves by doing the things which I have commanded you and
  required of you.
</p>
<p>
  8 And now, verily thus saith the Lord, it is expedient that all things be done
  unto my glory, by you who are joined together in this order;
</p>
<p>
  9 Or, in other words, let my servant Newel&#xA0;K. Whitney and my servant
  Joseph Smith, Jun., and my servant Sidney Rigdon sit in council with the
  saints which are in Zion;
</p>
<p>
  10 Otherwise Satan seeketh to turn their hearts away from the truth, that they
  become blinded and understand not the things which are prepared for them.
</p>
<p>
  11 Wherefore, a commandment I give unto you, to prepare and organize
  yourselves by a bond or everlasting covenant that cannot be broken.
</p>
<p>
  12 And he who breaketh it shall lose his office and standing in the church,
  and shall be delivered over to the buffetings of Satan until the day of
  redemption.
</p>
<p>
  13 Behold, this is the preparation wherewith I prepare you, and the
  foundation, and the ensample which I give unto you, whereby you may accomplish
  the commandments which are given you;
</p>
<p>
  14 That through my providence, notwithstanding the tribulation which shall
  descend upon you, that the church may stand independent above all other
  creatures beneath the celestial world;
</p>
<p>
  15 That you may come up unto the crown prepared for you, and be made rulers
  over many kingdoms, saith the Lord God, the Holy One of Zion, who hath
  established the foundations of Adam-ondi-Ahman;
</p>
<p>
  16 Who hath appointed Michael your prince, and established his feet, and set
  him upon high, and given unto him the keys of salvation under the counsel and
  direction of the Holy One, who is without beginning of days or end of life.
</p>
<p>
  17 Verily, verily, I say unto you, ye are little children, and ye have not as
  yet understood how great blessings the Father hath in his own hands and
  prepared for you;
</p>
<p>
  18 And ye cannot bear all things now; nevertheless, be of good cheer, for I
  will lead you along. The kingdom is yours and the blessings thereof are yours,
  and the riches of eternity are yours.
</p>
<p>
  19 And he who receiveth all things with thankfulness shall be made glorious;
  and the things of this earth shall be added unto him, even an hundred fold,
  yea, more.
</p>
<p>
  20 Wherefore, do the things which I have commanded you, saith your Redeemer,
  even the Son Ahman, who prepareth all things before he taketh you;
</p>
<p>
  21 For ye are the church of the Firstborn, and he will take you up in a cloud,
  and appoint every man his portion.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he that is a faithful and wise steward shall inherit all things. Amen.
</p>
