---
title: Doctrine and Covenants 95
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:38 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 98
---

<p>
  1 Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you whom I love, and whom I love I also
  chasten that their sins may be forgiven, for with the chastisement I prepare a
  way for their deliverance in all things out of temptation, and I have loved
  you&#x2014;
</p>
<p>2 Wherefore, ye must needs be chastened and stand rebuked before my face;</p>
<p>
  3 For ye have sinned against me a very grievous sin, in that ye have not
  considered the great commandment in all things, that I have given unto you
  concerning the building of mine house;
</p>
<p>
  4 For the preparation wherewith I design to prepare mine apostles to prune my
  vineyard for the last time, that I may bring to pass my strange act, that I
  may pour out my Spirit upon all flesh&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  5 But behold, verily I say unto you, that there are many who have been
  ordained among you, whom I have called but few of them are chosen.
</p>
<p>
  6 They who are not chosen have sinned a very grievous sin, in that they are
  walking in darkness at noon-day.
</p>
<p>
  7 And for this cause I gave unto you a commandment that you should call your
  solemn assembly, that your fastings and your mourning might come up into the
  ears of the Lord of Sabaoth, which is by interpretation, the creator of the
  first day, the beginning and the end.
</p>
<p>
  8 Yea, verily I say unto you, I gave unto you a commandment that you should
  build a house, in the which house I design to endow those whom I have chosen
  with power from on high;
</p>
<p>
  9 For this is the promise of the Father unto you; therefore I command you to
  tarry, even as mine apostles at Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  10 Nevertheless, my servants sinned a very grievous sin; and contentions arose
  in the school of the prophets; which was very grievous unto me, saith your
  Lord; therefore I sent them forth to be chastened.
</p>
<p>
  11 Verily I say unto you, it is my will that you should build a house. If you
  keep my commandments you shall have power to build it.
</p>
<p>
  12 If you keep not my commandments, the love of the Father shall not continue
  with you, therefore you shall walk in darkness.
</p>
<p>
  13 Now here is wisdom, and the mind of the Lord&#x2014;let the house be built,
  not after the manner of the world, for I give not unto you that ye shall live
  after the manner of the world;
</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore, let it be built after the manner which I shall show unto three
  of you, whom ye shall appoint and ordain unto this power.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the size thereof shall be fifty and five feet in width, and let it be
  sixty-five feet in length, in the inner court thereof.
</p>
<p>
  16 And let the lower part of the inner court be dedicated unto me for your
  sacrament offering, and for your preaching, and your fasting, and your
  praying, and the offering up of your most holy desires unto me, saith your
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  17 And let the higher part of the inner court be dedicated unto me for the
  school of mine apostles, saith Son Ahman; or, in other words, Alphus; or, in
  other words, Omegus; even Jesus Christ your Lord. Amen.
</p>
