---
title: Genesis 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth:
  and unto them were sons born after the flood.
</p>
<p>
  2 The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and
  Meshech, and Tiras.
</p>
<p>3 And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.</p>
<p>4 And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.</p>
<p>
  5 By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one
  after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.
</p>
<p>6 &#xB6; And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.</p>
<p>
  7 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and
  Sabtecha: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
</p>
<p>8 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.</p>
<p>
  9 He was a mighty hunter before the Lord: wherefore it is said, Even as Nimrod
  the mighty hunter before the Lord.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and
  Calneh, in the land of Shinar.
</p>
<p>
  11 Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city
  Rehoboth, and Calah,
</p>
<p>12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.</p>
<p>13 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,</p>
<p>
  14 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.
</p>
<p>15 &#xB6; And Canaan begat Sidon his firstborn, and Heth,</p>
<p>16 And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite,</p>
<p>17 And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,</p>
<p>
  18 And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were
  the families of the Canaanites spread abroad.
</p>
<p>
  19 And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar,
  unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim,
  even unto Lasha.
</p>
<p>
  20 These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in
  their countries, and in their nations.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother
  of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.
</p>
<p>
  22 The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.
</p>
<p>23 And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.</p>
<p>24 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Eber.</p>
<p>
  25 And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his
  days was the earth divided; and his brother&#x2019;s name was Joktan.
</p>
<p>26 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,</p>
<p>27 And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah,</p>
<p>28 And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba,</p>
<p>29 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab: all these were the sons of Joktan.</p>
<p>
  30 And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a mount of the
  east.
</p>
<p>
  31 These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in
  their lands, after their nations.
</p>
<p>
  32 These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in
  their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the
  flood.
</p>
