---
title: Genesis 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>1 And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a
  plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.
</p>
<p>
  3 And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them
  throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.
</p>
<p>
  4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may
  reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon
  the face of the whole earth.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of
  men builded.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one
  language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from
  them, which they have imagined to do.
</p>
<p>
  7 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not
  understand one another&#x2019;s speech.
</p>
<p>
  8 So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the
  earth: and they left off to build the city.
</p>
<p>
  9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there
  confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the Lord scatter
  them abroad upon the face of all the earth.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old,
  and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood:
</p>
<p>
  11 And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons
  and daughters.
</p>
<p>12 And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:</p>
<p>
  13 And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and
  begat sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>14 And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:</p>
<p>
  15 And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat
  sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>16 And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg:</p>
<p>
  17 And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and
  begat sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>18 And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:</p>
<p>
  19 And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat
  sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>20 And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug:</p>
<p>
  21 And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat
  sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>22 And Serug lived thirty years, and begat Nahor:</p>
<p>
  23 And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and
  daughters.
</p>
<p>24 And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah:</p>
<p>
  25 And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and
  begat sons and daughters.
</p>
<p>26 And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran.</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor,
  and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.
</p>
<p>
  28 And Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his nativity, in Ur
  of the Chaldees.
</p>
<p>
  29 And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram&#x2019;s wife was
  Sarai; and the name of Nahor&#x2019;s wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the
  father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.
</p>
<p>30 But Sarai was barren; she had no child.</p>
<p>
  31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son&#x2019;s
  son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram&#x2019;s wife; and they went
  forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and
  they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.
</p>
<p>
  32 And the days of Terah were two hundred and five years: and Terah died in
  Haran.
</p>
