---
title: Genesis 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 Now the Lord had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy
  kindred, and from thy father&#x2019;s house, unto a land that I will shew
  thee:
</p>
<p>
  2 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy
  name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
</p>
<p>
  3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and
  in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.
</p>
<p>
  4 So Abram departed, as the Lord had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him:
  and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.
</p>
<p>
  5 And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother&#x2019;s son, and all
  their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in
  Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of
  Canaan they came.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the
  plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the Lord appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this
  land: and there builded he an altar unto the Lord, who appeared unto him.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Beth-el, and
  pitched his tent, having Beth-el on the west, and Hai on the east: and there
  he builded an altar unto the Lord, and called upon the name of the Lord.
</p>
<p>9 And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt
  to sojourn there; for the famine was grievous in the land.
</p>
<p>
  11 And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he
  said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to
  look upon:
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that
  they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save
  thee alive.
</p>
<p>
  13 Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy
  sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the
  Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
</p>
<p>
  15 The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and
  the woman was taken into Pharaoh&#x2019;s house.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and
  he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the Lord plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of
  Sarai Abram&#x2019;s wife.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto
  me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
</p>
<p>
  19 Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife:
  now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and
  his wife, and all that he had.
</p>
