---
title: Genesis 14
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 14
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of
  Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations;
</p>
<p>
  2 That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with Birsha king of
  Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, and Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of
  Bela, which is Zoar.
</p>
<p>
  3 All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea.
</p>
<p>
  4 Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they
  rebelled.
</p>
<p>
  5 And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with
  him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and
  the Emims in Shaveh Kiriathaim,
</p>
<p>
  6 And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto El-paran, which is by the
  wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  7 And they returned, and came to En-mishpat, which is Kadesh, and smote all
  the country of the Amalekites, and also the Amorites, that dwelt in
  Hazezon-tamar.
</p>
<p>
  8 And there went out the king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the king
  of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar;)
  and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim;
</p>
<p>
  9 With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and
  Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings of Sodom and
  Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.
</p>
<p>
  11 And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals,
  and went their way.
</p>
<p>
  12 And they took Lot, Abram&#x2019;s brother&#x2019;s son, who dwelt in Sodom,
  and his goods, and departed.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for
  he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of
  Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.
</p>
<p>
  14 And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his
  trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and
  pursued them unto Dan.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and
  smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of
  Damascus.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot,
  and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the
  slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley
  of Shaveh, which is the king&#x2019;s dale.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the
  priest of the most high God.
</p>
<p>
  19 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God,
  possessor of heaven and earth:
</p>
<p>
  20 And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into
  thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the
  goods to thyself.
</p>
<p>
  22 And Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have lift up mine hand unto the
  Lord, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth,
</p>
<p>
  23 That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will
  not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram
  rich:
</p>
<p>
  24 Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men
  which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.
</p>
