---
title: Genesis 15
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:41 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 15
---

<p>
  1 After these things the word of the Lord came unto Abram in a vision, saying,
  Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Abram said, Lord God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and
  the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?
</p>
<p>
  3 And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in
  my house is mine heir.
</p>
<p>
  4 And, behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, This shall not be
  thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be
  thine heir.
</p>
<p>
  5 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell
  the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy
  seed be.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  6 And he believed in the Lord; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  7 And he said unto him, I am the Lord that brought thee out of Ur of the
  Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it.
</p>
<p>8 And he said, Lord God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?</p>
<p>
  9 And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat
  of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a
  young pigeon.
</p>
<p>
  10 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid
  each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.
</p>
<p>11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them away.</p>
<p>
  12 And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an
  horror of great darkness fell upon him.
</p>
<p>
  13 And he said unto Abram, Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger
  in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict
  them four hundred years;
</p>
<p>
  14 And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I judge: and afterward
  shall they come out with great substance.
</p>
<p>
  15 And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good
  old age.
</p>
<p>
  16 But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity
  of the Amorites is not yet full.
</p>
<p>
  17 And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold
  a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.
</p>
<p>
  18 In the same day the Lord made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed
  have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the
  river Euphrates:
</p>
<p>19 The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,</p>
<p>20 And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims,</p>
<p>
  21 And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the
  Jebusites.
</p>
