---
title: Genesis 16
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:42 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 16
---

<p>
  1 Now Sarai Abram&#x2019;s wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid,
  an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Sarai said unto Abram, Behold now, the Lord hath restrained me from
  bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children
  by her. And Abram hearkened to the voice of Sarai.
</p>
<p>
  3 And Sarai Abram&#x2019;s wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian, after Abram
  had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband Abram
  to be his wife.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that
  she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.
</p>
<p>
  5 And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into
  thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her
  eyes: the Lord judge between me and thee.
</p>
<p>
  6 But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thy hand; do to her as it
  pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And the angel of the Lord found her by a fountain of water in the
  wilderness, by the fountain in the way to Shur.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he said, Hagar, Sarai&#x2019;s maid, whence camest thou? and whither
  wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the angel of the Lord said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit
  thyself under her hands.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the angel of the Lord said unto her, I will multiply thy seed
  exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the angel of the Lord said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and
  shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the Lord hath heard
  thy affliction.
</p>
<p>
  12 And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every
  man&#x2019;s hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his
  brethren.
</p>
<p>
  13 And she called the name of the Lord that spake unto her, Thou God seest me:
  for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me?
</p>
<p>
  14 Wherefore the well was called Beer-lahai-roi; behold, it is between Kadesh
  and Bered.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called his son&#x2019;s name,
  which Hagar bare, Ishmael.
</p>
<p>
  16 And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to
  Abram.
</p>
