---
title: Genesis 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:44 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the
  tent door in the heat of the day;
</p>
<p>
  2 And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and
  when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself
  toward the ground,
</p>
<p>
  3 And said, My Lord, if now I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away, I
  pray thee, from thy servant:
</p>
<p>
  4 Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest
  yourselves under the tree:
</p>
<p>
  5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that
  ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So
  do, as thou hast said.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly
  three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth.
</p>
<p>
  7 And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetcht a calf tender and good, and gave
  it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it
  before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And they said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold,
  in the tent.
</p>
<p>
  10 And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of
  life; and, lo, Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent
  door, which was behind him.
</p>
<p>
  11 Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to
  be with Sarah after the manner of women.
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall
  I have pleasure, my lord being old also?
</p>
<p>
  13 And the Lord said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I
  of a surety bear a child, which am old?
</p>
<p>
  14 Is any thing too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed I will return
  unto thee, according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son.
</p>
<p>
  15 Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said,
  Nay; but thou didst laugh.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and
  Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
</p>
<p>17 And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do;</p>
<p>
  18 Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all
  the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
</p>
<p>
  19 For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after
  him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment; that
  the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the Lord said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and
  because their sin is very grievous;
</p>
<p>
  21 I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to
  the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but
  Abraham stood yet before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the
  righteous with the wicked?
</p>
<p>
  24 Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also
  destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein?
</p>
<p>
  25 That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with
  the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from
  thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
</p>
<p>
  26 And the Lord said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then
  I will spare all the place for their sakes.
</p>
<p>
  27 And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak
  unto the Lord, which am but dust and ashes:
</p>
<p>
  28 Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou
  destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and
  five, I will not destroy it.
</p>
<p>
  29 And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be
  forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>
  30 And he said unto him, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak:
  Peradventure there shall thirty be found there. And he said, I will not do it,
  if I find thirty there.
</p>
<p>
  31 And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord:
  Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not
  destroy it for twenty&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>
  32 And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this
  once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy
  it for ten&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>
  33 And the Lord went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham:
  and Abraham returned unto his place.
</p>
