---
title: Genesis 23
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:49 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 23
---

<p>
  1 And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the
  years of the life of Sarah.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Sarah died in Kirjath-arba; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan:
  and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah, and to weep for her.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; And Abraham stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the sons of
  Heth, saying,
</p>
<p>
  4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a
  buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.
</p>
<p>5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him,</p>
<p>
  6 Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our
  sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre,
  but that thou mayest bury thy dead.
</p>
<p>
  7 And Abraham stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to
  the children of Heth.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my
  dead out of my sight; hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar,
</p>
<p>
  9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the
  end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a
  possession of a buryingplace amongst you.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite
  answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that
  went in at the gate of his city, saying,
</p>
<p>
  11 Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein,
  I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury
  thy dead.
</p>
<p>12 And Abraham bowed down himself before the people of the land.</p>
<p>
  13 And he spake unto Ephron in the audience of the people of the land, saying,
  But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the
  field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.
</p>
<p>14 And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him,</p>
<p>
  15 My lord, hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver;
  what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.
</p>
<p>
  16 And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the
  silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred
  shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And the field of Ephron, which was in Machpelah, which was before
  Mamre, the field, and the cave which was therein, and all the trees that were
  in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure
</p>
<p>
  18 Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth,
  before all that went in at the gate of his city.
</p>
<p>
  19 And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of
  Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham
  for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth.
</p>
