---
title: Genesis 25
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:51 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 25
---

<p>1 Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.</p>
<p>
  2 And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and
  Shuah.
</p>
<p>
  3 And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and
  Letushim, and Leummim.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abida, and Eldaah.
  All these were the children of Keturah.
</p>
<p>5 &#xB6; And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.</p>
<p>
  6 But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts,
  and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the
  east country.
</p>
<p>
  7 And these are the days of the years of Abraham&#x2019;s life which he lived,
  an hundred threescore and fifteen years.
</p>
<p>
  8 Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and
  full of years; and was gathered to his people.
</p>
<p>
  9 And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the
  field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre;
</p>
<p>
  10 The field which Abraham purchased of the sons of Heth: there was Abraham
  buried, and Sarah his wife.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his
  son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahai-roi.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham&#x2019;s son, whom
  Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah&#x2019;s handmaid, bare unto Abraham:
</p>
<p>
  13 And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according
  to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and
  Adbeel, and Mibsam,
</p>
<p>14 And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,</p>
<p>15 Hadar, and Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah:</p>
<p>
  16 These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names, by their towns,
  and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.
</p>
<p>
  17 And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and
  seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his
  people.
</p>
<p>
  18 And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest
  toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham&#x2019;s son:
  Abraham begat Isaac:
</p>
<p>
  20 And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife, the daughter of
  Bethuel the Syrian of Padan-aram, the sister to Laban the Syrian.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Isaac entreated the Lord for his wife, because she was barren: and the
  Lord was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so,
  why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  23 And the Lord said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of
  people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one people shall be
  stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were
  twins in her womb.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called
  his name Esau.
</p>
<p>
  26 And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on
  Esau&#x2019;s heel; and his name was called Jacob: and Isaac was threescore
  years old when she bare them.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and
  Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  28 And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved
  Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was
  faint:
</p>
<p>
  30 And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red pottage;
  for I am faint: therefore was his name called Edom.
</p>
<p>31 And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.</p>
<p>
  32 And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this
  birthright do to me?
</p>
<p>
  33 And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold
  his birthright unto Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  34 Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentiles; and he did eat and
  drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.
</p>
