---
title: Genesis 26
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:52 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 26
---

<p>
  1 And there was a famine in the land, beside the first famine that was in the
  days of Abraham. And Isaac went unto Abimelech king of the Philistines unto
  Gerar.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the Lord appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into Egypt; dwell in
  the land which I shall tell thee of:
</p>
<p>
  3 Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto
  thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform
  the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father;
</p>
<p>
  4 And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give
  unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of
  the earth be blessed;
</p>
<p>
  5 Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments,
  my statutes, and my laws.
</p>
<p>6 &#xB6; And Isaac dwelt in Gerar:</p>
<p>
  7 And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my
  sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the
  place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king
  of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was
  sporting with Rebekah his wife.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife:
  and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I
  said, Lest I die for her.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people
  might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought
  guiltiness upon us.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Abimelech charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or
  his wife shall surely be put to death.
</p>
<p>
  12 Then Isaac sowed in that land, and received in the same year an
  hundredfold: and the Lord blessed him.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very
  great:
</p>
<p>
  14 For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store
  of servants: and the Philistines envied him.
</p>
<p>
  15 For all the wells which his father&#x2019;s servants had digged in the days
  of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac, Go from us; for thou art much mightier than
  we.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of
  Gerar, and dwelt there.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the
  days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the
  death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his
  father had called them.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Isaac&#x2019;s servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of
  springing water.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac&#x2019;s herdmen, saying,
  The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they
  strove with him.
</p>
<p>
  21 And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the
  name of it Sitnah.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they
  strove not: and he called the name of it Rehoboth; and he said, For now the
  Lord hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.
</p>
<p>23 And he went up from thence to Beer-sheba.</p>
<p>
  24 And the Lord appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of
  Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and
  multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>
  25 And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the Lord, and
  pitched his tent there: and there Isaac&#x2019;s servants digged a well.
</p>
<p>
  26 &#xB6; Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his
  friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
</p>
<p>
  27 And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and
  have sent me away from you?
</p>
<p>
  28 And they said, We saw certainly that the Lord was with thee: and we said,
  Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make
  a covenant with thee;
</p>
<p>
  29 That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have
  done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art
  now the blessed of the Lord.
</p>
<p>30 And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.</p>
<p>
  31 And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and
  Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
</p>
<p>
  32 And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac&#x2019;s servants came, and
  told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have
  found water.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  33 And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beer-sheba unto
  this day.
</p>
<p>
  34 &#xB6; And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the
  daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:
</p>
<p>35 Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.</p>
