---
title: Genesis 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>
  1 And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see
  the daughters of the land.
</p>
<p>
  2 And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw
  her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.
</p>
<p>
  3 And his soul clave unto Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the
  damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Shechem spake unto his father Hamor, saying, Get me this damsel to wife.
</p>
<p>
  5 And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were
  with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with
  him.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men
  were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel
  in lying with Jacob&#x2019;s daughter; which thing ought not to be done.
</p>
<p>
  8 And Hamor communed with them, saying, The soul of my son Shechem longeth for
  your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.
</p>
<p>
  9 And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our
  daughters unto you.
</p>
<p>
  10 And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and
  trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace
  in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give.
</p>
<p>
  12 Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall
  say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor his father deceitfully,
  and said, because he had defiled Dinah their sister:
</p>
<p>
  14 And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one
  that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us:
</p>
<p>
  15 But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every
  male of you be circumcised;
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters
  to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.
</p>
<p>
  17 But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take
  our daughter, and we will be gone.
</p>
<p>18 And their words pleased Hamor, and Shechem Hamor&#x2019;s son.</p>
<p>
  19 And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in
  Jacob&#x2019;s daughter: and he was more honourable than all the house of his
  father.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and
  communed with the men of their city, saying,
</p>
<p>
  21 These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and
  trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take
  their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.
</p>
<p>
  22 Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one
  people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.
</p>
<p>
  23 Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of theirs be
  ours? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.
</p>
<p>
  24 And unto Hamor and unto Shechem his son hearkened all that went out of the
  gate of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the
  gate of his city.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two
  of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah&#x2019;s brethren, took each man
  his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males.
</p>
<p>
  26 And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and
  took Dinah out of Shechem&#x2019;s house, and went out.
</p>
<p>
  27 The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they
  had defiled their sister.
</p>
<p>
  28 They took their sheep, and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was
  in the city, and that which was in the field,
</p>
<p>
  29 And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they
  captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to stink
  among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites:
  and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me,
  and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.
</p>
<p>31 And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot?</p>
