---
title: Genesis 35
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 35
---

<p>
  1 And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Beth-el, and dwell there: and make
  there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the
  face of Esau thy brother.
</p>
<p>
  2 Then Jacob said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away
  the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments:
</p>
<p>
  3 And let us arise, and go up to Beth-el; and I will make there an altar unto
  God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way
  which I went.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  4 And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and
  all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak
  which was by Shechem.
</p>
<p>
  5 And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were
  round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is,
  Beth-el, he and all the people that were with him.
</p>
<p>
  7 And he built there an altar, and called the place El-beth-el: because there
  God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother.
</p>
<p>
  8 But Deborah Rebekah&#x2019;s nurse died, and she was buried beneath Beth-el
  under an oak: and the name of it was called Allon-bachuth.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padan-aram,
  and blessed him.
</p>
<p>
  10 And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any
  more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel.
</p>
<p>
  11 And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a
  nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of
  thy loins;
</p>
<p>
  12 And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee I will give it, and to
  thy seed after thee will I give the land.
</p>
<p>13 And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.</p>
<p>
  14 And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a
  pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil
  thereon.
</p>
<p>
  15 And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Beth-el.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And they journeyed from Beth-el; and there was but a little way to
  come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labour.
</p>
<p>
  17 And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the midwife said
  unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.
</p>
<p>
  18 And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she
  called his name Ben-oni: but his father called him Benjamin.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Beth-lehem.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of
  Rachel&#x2019;s grave unto this day.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.
</p>
<p>
  22 And it came to pass, when Israel dwelt in that land, that Reuben went and
  lay with Bilhah his father&#x2019;s concubine: and Israel heard it. Now the
  sons of Jacob were twelve:
</p>
<p>
  23 The sons of Leah; Reuben, Jacob&#x2019;s firstborn, and Simeon, and Levi,
  and Judah, and Issachar, and Zebulun:
</p>
<p>24 The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin:</p>
<p>25 And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel&#x2019;s handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali:</p>
<p>
  26 And the sons of Zilpah, Leah&#x2019;s handmaid; Gad, and Asher: these are
  the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padan-aram.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre, unto the city of
  Arbah, which is Hebron, where Abraham and Isaac sojourned.
</p>
<p>28 And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.</p>
<p>
  29 And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people,
  being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
</p>
