---
title: Genesis 36
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 36
---

<p>1 Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.</p>
<p>
  2 Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon
  the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the
  Hivite;
</p>
<p>3 And Bashemath Ishmael&#x2019;s daughter, sister of Nebajoth.</p>
<p>4 And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz; and Bashemath bare Reuel;</p>
<p>
  5 And Aholibamah bare Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of
  Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the
  persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his
  substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country
  from the face of his brother Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land
  wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.
</p>
<p>8 Thus dwelt Esau in mount Seir: Esau is Edom.</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in
  mount Seir:
</p>
<p>
  10 These are the names of Esau&#x2019;s sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife
  of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.
</p>
<p>11 And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.</p>
<p>
  12 And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau&#x2019;s son; and she bare to
  Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau&#x2019;s wife.
</p>
<p>
  13 And these are the sons of Reuel; Nahath, and Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah:
  these were the sons of Bashemath Esau&#x2019;s wife.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And these were the sons of Aholibamah, the daughter of Anah the
  daughter of Zibeon, Esau&#x2019;s wife: and she bare to Esau Jeush, and
  Jaalam, and Korah.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the
  firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,
</p>
<p>
  16 Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of
  Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And these are the sons of Reuel Esau&#x2019;s son; duke Nahath, duke
  Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in
  the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau&#x2019;s wife.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And these are the sons of Aholibamah Esau&#x2019;s wife; duke Jeush,
  duke Jaalam, duke Korah: these were the dukes that came of Aholibamah the
  daughter of Anah, Esau&#x2019;s wife.
</p>
<p>19 These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land;
  Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah,
</p>
<p>
  21 And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the
  children of Seir in the land of Edom.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  22 And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan&#x2019;s sister
  was Timna.
</p>
<p>
  23 And the children of Shobal were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and Ebal,
  Shepho, and Onam.
</p>
<p>
  24 And these are the children of Zibeon; both Ajah, and Anah: this was that
  Anah that found the mules in the wilderness, as he fed the asses of Zibeon his
  father.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of
  Anah.
</p>
<p>
  26 And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and
  Cheran.
</p>
<p>27 The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.</p>
<p>28 The children of Dishan are these; Uz, and Aran.</p>
<p>
  29 These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke
  Zibeon, duke Anah,
</p>
<p>
  30 Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori,
  among their dukes in the land of Seir.
</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before
  there reigned any king over the children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  32 And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was
  Dinhabah.
</p>
<p>
  33 And Bela died, and Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>34 And Jobab died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.</p>
<p>
  35 And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field
  of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
</p>
<p>36 And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.</p>
<p>
  37 And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>38 And Saul died, and Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.</p>
<p>
  39 And Baal-hanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and
  the name of his city was Pau; and his wife&#x2019;s name was Mehetabel, the
  daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
</p>
<p>
  40 And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their
  families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke
  Jetheth,
</p>
<p>41 Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,</p>
<p>42 Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,</p>
<p>
  43 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram: these be the dukes of Edom, according to their
  habitations in the land of their possession: he is Esau the father of the
  Edomites.
</p>
