---
title: Genesis 38
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 38
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren,
  and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah;
  and he took her, and went in unto her.
</p>
<p>3 And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er.</p>
<p>4 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name Onan.</p>
<p>
  5 And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name Shelah: and
  he was at Chezib, when she bare him.
</p>
<p>6 And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar.</p>
<p>
  7 And Er, Judah&#x2019;s firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the Lord; and
  the Lord slew him.
</p>
<p>
  8 And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother&#x2019;s wife, and marry
  her, and raise up seed to thy brother.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he
  went in unto his brother&#x2019;s wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest
  that he should give seed to his brother.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the thing which he did displeased the Lord: wherefore he slew him also.
</p>
<p>
  11 Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy
  father&#x2019;s house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest
  peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her
  father&#x2019;s house.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah&#x2019;s wife
  died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath,
  he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite.
</p>
<p>
  13 And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath
  to shear his sheep.
</p>
<p>
  14 And she put her widow&#x2019;s garments off from her, and covered her with
  a veil, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to
  Timnath; for she saw that Shelah was grown, and she was not given unto him to
  wife.
</p>
<p>
  15 When Judah saw her, he thought her to be an harlot; because she had covered
  her face.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me
  come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she
  said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me?
</p>
<p>
  17 And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou
  give me a pledge, till thou send it?
</p>
<p>
  18 And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and
  thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and
  came in unto her, and she conceived by him.
</p>
<p>
  19 And she arose, and went away, and laid by her veil from her, and put on the
  garments of her widowhood.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive
  his pledge from the woman&#x2019;s hand: but he found her not.
</p>
<p>
  21 Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was
  openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of
  the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.
</p>
<p>
  23 And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent
  this kid, and thou hast not found her.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told
  Judah, saying, Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also,
  behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and
  let her be burnt.
</p>
<p>
  25 When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the
  man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee,
  whose are these, the signet, and bracelets, and staff.
</p>
<p>
  26 And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She hath been more righteous than I;
  because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins
  were in her womb.
</p>
<p>
  28 And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and
  the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came
  out first.
</p>
<p>
  29 And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother
  came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this breach be upon thee:
  therefore his name was called Pharez.
</p>
<p>
  30 And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his
  hand: and his name was called Zarah.
</p>
