---
title: Genesis 46
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 46
---

<p>
  1 And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beer-sheba,
  and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac.
</p>
<p>
  2 And God spake unto Israel in the visions of the night, and said, Jacob,
  Jacob. And he said, Here am I.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into
  Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation:
</p>
<p>
  4 I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up
  again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.
</p>
<p>
  5 And Jacob rose up from Beer-sheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob
  their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which
  Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
</p>
<p>
  6 And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the
  land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him:
</p>
<p>
  7 His sons, and his sons&#x2019; sons with him, his daughters, and his
  sons&#x2019; daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into
  Egypt, Jacob and his sons: Reuben, Jacob&#x2019;s firstborn.
</p>
<p>9 And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and
  Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.
</p>
<p>11 &#xB6; And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And the sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah, and Pharez, and
  Zerah: but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. And the sons of Pharez were
  Hezron and Hamul.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.
</p>
<p>14 &#xB6; And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.</p>
<p>
  15 These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padan-aram, with
  his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty
  and three.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and
  Arodi, and Areli.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah, and
  Serah their sister: and the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel.
</p>
<p>
  18 These are the sons of Zilpah, whom Laban gave to Leah his daughter, and
  these she bare unto Jacob, even sixteen souls.
</p>
<p>19 The sons of Rachel Jacob&#x2019;s wife; Joseph, and Benjamin.</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim,
  which Asenath the daughter of Poti-pherah priest of On bare unto him.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera,
  and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.
</p>
<p>
  22 These are the sons of Rachel, which were born to Jacob: all the souls were
  fourteen.
</p>
<p>23 &#xB6; And the sons of Dan; Hushim.</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.
</p>
<p>
  25 These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter,
  and she bare these unto Jacob: all the souls were seven.
</p>
<p>
  26 All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins,
  besides Jacob&#x2019;s sons&#x2019; wives, all the souls were threescore and
  six;
</p>
<p>
  27 And the sons of Joseph, which were born him in Egypt, were two souls: all
  the souls of the house of Jacob, which came into Egypt, were threescore and
  ten.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; And he sent Judah before him unto Joseph, to direct his face unto
  Goshen; and they came into the land of Goshen.
</p>
<p>
  29 And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father,
  to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his neck, and wept
  on his neck a good while.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face,
  because thou art yet alive.
</p>
<p>
  31 And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father&#x2019;s house, I
  will go up, and shew Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my
  father&#x2019;s house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me;
</p>
<p>
  32 And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed cattle; and
  they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.
</p>
<p>
  33 And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What
  is your occupation?
</p>
<p>
  34 That ye shall say, Thy servants&#x2019; trade hath been about cattle from
  our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in
  the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
</p>
