---
title: Genesis 49
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 49
---

<p>
  1 And Jacob called unto his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I
  may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.
</p>
<p>
  2 Gather yourselves together, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; and hearken unto
  Israel your father.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my
  strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:
</p>
<p>
  4 Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy
  father&#x2019;s bed; then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Simeon and Levi are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their
  habitations.
</p>
<p>
  6 O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine
  honour, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their
  selfwill they digged down a wall.
</p>
<p>
  7 Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel:
  I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be
  in the neck of thine enemies; thy father&#x2019;s children shall bow down
  before thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 Judah is a lion&#x2019;s whelp: from the prey, my son, thou art gone up: he
  stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him
  up?
</p>
<p>
  10 The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his
  feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.
</p>
<p>
  11 Binding his foal unto the vine, and his ass&#x2019;s colt unto the choice
  vine; he washed his garments in wine, and his clothes in the blood of grapes:
</p>
<p>12 His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an
  haven of ships; and his border shall be unto Zidon.
</p>
<p>14 &#xB6; Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:</p>
<p>
  15 And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed
  his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto tribute.
</p>
<p>16 &#xB6; Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.</p>
<p>
  17 Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the
  horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.
</p>
<p>18 I have waited for thy salvation, O Lord.</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; Out of Asher his bread shall be fat, and he shall yield royal
  dainties.
</p>
<p>21 &#xB6; Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words.</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose
  branches run over the wall:
</p>
<p>23 The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:</p>
<p>
  24 But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong
  by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the
  stone of Israel:)
</p>
<p>
  25 Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty,
  who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep
  that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:
</p>
<p>
  26 The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my
  progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on
  the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from
  his brethren.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; Benjamin shall ravin as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the
  prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their
  father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing
  he blessed them.
</p>
<p>
  29 And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my
  people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the
  Hittite,
</p>
<p>
  30 In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in
  the land of Canaan, which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite
  for a possession of a buryingplace.
</p>
<p>
  31 There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife; there they buried Isaac and
  Rebekah his wife; and there I buried Leah.
</p>
<p>
  32 The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the
  children of Heth.
</p>
<p>
  33 And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his
  feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people.
</p>
