---
title: Genesis 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:27 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created
  man, in the likeness of God made he him;
</p>
<p>
  2 Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name
  Adam, in the day when they were created.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his
  own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth:
</p>
<p>
  4 And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years:
  and he begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  5 And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he
  died.
</p>
<p>6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:</p>
<p>
  7 And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat
  sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  8 And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
</p>
<p>9 &#xB6; And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:</p>
<p>
  10 And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and
  begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.
</p>
<p>12 &#xB6; And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalaleel:</p>
<p>
  13 And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years,
  and begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  14 And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
</p>
<p>15 &#xB6; And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:</p>
<p>
  16 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years,
  and begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  17 And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years:
  and he died.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch:
</p>
<p>
  19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons
  and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  20 And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he
  died.
</p>
<p>21 &#xB6; And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah:</p>
<p>
  22 And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years,
  and begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>23 And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years:</p>
<p>24 And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech:
</p>
<p>
  26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two
  years, and begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  27 And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and
  he died.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son:
</p>
<p>
  29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning
  our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the Lord hath
  cursed.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years,
  and begat sons and daughters:
</p>
<p>
  31 And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and
  he died.
</p>
<p>
  32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
</p>
