---
title: Genesis 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<span></span>
<p>
  1 And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was
  with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the
  waters assuaged;
</p>
<p>
  2 The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and
  the rain from heaven was restrained;
</p>
<p>
  3 And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of
  the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the
  month, upon the mountains of Ararat.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth
  month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the
  window of the ark which he had made:
</p>
<p>
  7 And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters
  were dried up from off the earth.
</p>
<p>
  8 Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from
  off the face of the ground;
</p>
<p>
  9 But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto
  him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he
  put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.
</p>
<p>
  10 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of
  the ark;
</p>
<p>
  11 And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an
  olive leaf plucked off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  12 And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned
  not again unto him any more.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the
  first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the
  earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the
  face of the ground was dry.
</p>
<p>
  14 And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was
  the earth dried.
</p>
<p>15 &#xB6; And God spake unto Noah, saying,</p>
<p>
  16 Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons&#x2019;
  wives with thee.
</p>
<p>
  17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh,
  both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon
  the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and
  multiply upon the earth.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons&#x2019; wives
  with him:
</p>
<p>
  19 Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth
  upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And Noah builded an altar unto the Lord; and took of every clean
  beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Lord smelled a sweet savour; and the Lord said in his heart, I will
  not again curse the ground any more for man&#x2019;s sake; for the imagination
  of man&#x2019;s heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any
  more every thing living, as I have done.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  22 While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and
  summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
</p>
