---
title: Galatians 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and
  be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
</p>
<p>
  2 Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit
  you nothing.
</p>
<p>
  3 For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to
  do the whole law.
</p>
<p>
  4 Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by
  the law; ye are fallen from grace.
</p>
<p>5 For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.</p>
<p>
  6 For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor
  uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.
</p>
<p>7 Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?</p>
<p>8 This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.</p>
<p>9 A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.</p>
<p>
  10 I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise
  minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  11 And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer
  persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.
</p>
<p>12 I would they were even cut off which trouble you.</p>
<p>
  13 For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for
  an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.
</p>
<p>
  14 For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy
  neighbour as thyself.
</p>
<p>
  15 But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed
  one of another.
</p>
<p>
  16 This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of
  the flesh.
</p>
<p>
  17 For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh:
  and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things
  that ye would.
</p>
<p>18 But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.</p>
<p>
  19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery,
  fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
</p>
<p>
  20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife,
  seditions, heresies,
</p>
<p>
  21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I
  tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such
  things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
</p>
<p>
  22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness,
  goodness, faith,
</p>
<p>23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.</p>
<p>
  24 And they that are Christ&#x2019;s have crucified the flesh with the
  affections and lusts.
</p>
<p>25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.</p>
<p>
  26 Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one
  another.
</p>
