---
title: Galatians 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore
  such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be
  tempted.
</p>
<p>2 Bear ye one another&#x2019;s burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.</p>
<p>
  3 For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth
  himself.
</p>
<p>
  4 But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in
  himself alone, and not in another.
</p>
<p>5 For every man shall bear his own burden.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  6 Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all
  good things.
</p>
<p>
  7 Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall
  he also reap.
</p>
<p>
  8 For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he
  that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.
</p>
<p>
  9 And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if
  we faint not.
</p>
<p>
  10 As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially
  unto them who are of the household of faith.
</p>
<p>11 Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand.</p>
<p>
  12 As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to
  be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of
  Christ.
</p>
<p>
  13 For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to
  have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.
</p>
<p>
  14 But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus
  Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.
</p>
<p>
  15 For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor
  uncircumcision, but a new creature.
</p>
<p>
  16 And as many as walk according to this rule, peace be on them, and mercy,
  and upon the Israel of God.
</p>
<p>
  17 From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of
  the Lord Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  18 Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>&#xB6; Unto the Galatians written from Rome.</p>
</div>
