---
title: Jonah 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>1 But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry.</p>
<p>
  2 And he prayed unto the Lord, and said, I pray thee, O Lord, was not this my
  saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish:
  for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of
  great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil.
</p>
<p>
  3 Therefore now, O Lord, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is
  better for me to die than to live.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>4 &#xB6; Then said the Lord, Doest thou well to be angry?</p>
<p>
  5 So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and
  there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what
  would become of the city.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the Lord God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that
  it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah
  was exceeding glad of the gourd.
</p>
<p>
  7 But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the
  gourd that it withered.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement
  east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and
  wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live.
</p>
<p>
  9 And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he
  said, I do well to be angry, even unto death.
</p>
<p>
  10 Then said the Lord, Thou hast had pity on the gourd, for the which thou
  hast not laboured, neither madest it grow; which came up in a night, and
  perished in a night:
</p>
<p>
  11 And should not I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more than
  sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and
  their left hand; and also much cattle?
</p>
