---
title: 1 Kings 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>
  1 But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of
  Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites;
</p>
<p>
  2 Of the nations concerning which the Lord said unto the children of Israel,
  Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely
  they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in
  love.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines:
  and his wives turned away his heart.
</p>
<p>
  4 For it came to pass, when Solomon was old, that his wives turned away his
  heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with the Lord his God,
  as was the heart of David his father.
</p>
<p>
  5 For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, and after
  Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Solomon did evil in the sight of the Lord, and went not fully after the
  Lord, as did David his father.
</p>
<p>
  7 Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab,
  in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the
  children of Ammon.
</p>
<p>
  8 And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and
  sacrificed unto their gods.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And the Lord was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned
  from the Lord God of Israel, which had appeared unto him twice,
</p>
<p>
  10 And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after
  other gods: but he kept not that which the Lord commanded.
</p>
<p>
  11 Wherefore the Lord said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee,
  and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded
  thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy
  servant.
</p>
<p>
  12 Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father&#x2019;s
  sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son.
</p>
<p>
  13 Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to
  thy son for David my servant&#x2019;s sake, and for Jerusalem&#x2019;s sake
  which I have chosen.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And the Lord stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the
  Edomite: he was of the king&#x2019;s seed in Edom.
</p>
<p>
  15 For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the
  host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in Edom;
</p>
<p>
  16 (For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off
  every male in Edom:)
</p>
<p>
  17 That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father&#x2019;s servants
  with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.
</p>
<p>
  18 And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with
  them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which
  gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him
  to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned
  in Pharaoh&#x2019;s house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh&#x2019;s household
  among the sons of Pharaoh.
</p>
<p>
  21 And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that
  Joab the captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart,
  that I may go to mine own country.
</p>
<p>
  22 Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that,
  behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing:
  howbeit let me go in any wise.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah,
  which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:
</p>
<p>
  24 And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David
  slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned
  in Damascus.
</p>
<p>
  25 And he was an adversary to Israel all the days of Solomon, beside the
  mischief that Hadad did: and he abhorred Israel, and reigned over Syria.
</p>
<p>
  26 &#xB6; And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda,
  Solomon&#x2019;s servant, whose mother&#x2019;s name was Zeruah, a widow
  woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.
</p>
<p>
  27 And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon
  built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father.
</p>
<p>
  28 And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valour: and Solomon seeing the
  young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler over all the charge of
  the house of Joseph.
</p>
<p>
  29 And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that
  the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself
  with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:
</p>
<p>
  30 And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him, and rent it in twelve
  pieces:
</p>
<p>
  31 And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus saith the Lord, the
  God of Israel, Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and
  will give ten tribes to thee:
</p>
<p>
  32 (But he shall have one tribe for my servant David&#x2019;s sake, and for
  Jerusalem&#x2019;s sake, the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of
  Israel:)
</p>
<p>
  33 Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the
  goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god
  of the children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is
  right in mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his
  father.
</p>
<p>
  34 Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I will make
  him prince all the days of his life for David my servant&#x2019;s sake, whom I
  chose, because he kept my commandments and my statutes:
</p>
<p>
  35 But I will take the kingdom out of his son&#x2019;s hand, and will give it
  unto thee, even ten tribes.
</p>
<p>
  36 And unto his son will I give one tribe, that David my servant may have a
  light alway before me in Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my
  name there.
</p>
<p>
  37 And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul
  desireth, and shalt be king over Israel.
</p>
<p>
  38 And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and
  wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes
  and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and
  build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee.
</p>
<p>39 And I will for this afflict the seed of David, but not for ever.</p>
<p>
  40 Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And Jeroboam arose, and fled
  into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of
  Solomon.
</p>
<p>
  41 &#xB6; And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his
  wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon?
</p>
<p>
  42 And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty
  years.
</p>
<p>
  43 And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his
  father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
