---
title: 1 Kings 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:38 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make
  him king.
</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was yet in Egypt,
  heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon, and Jeroboam
  dwelt in Egypt;)
</p>
<p>
  3 That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of
  Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying,
</p>
<p>
  4 Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous
  service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and
  we will serve thee.
</p>
<p>
  5 And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And
  the people departed.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men, that stood before
  Solomon his father while he yet lived, and said, How do ye advise that I may
  answer this people?
</p>
<p>
  7 And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant unto this people
  this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them,
  then they will be thy servants for ever.
</p>
<p>
  8 But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and
  consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood
  before him:
</p>
<p>
  9 And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people,
  who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us
  lighter?
</p>
<p>
  10 And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus
  shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father
  made our yoke heavy, but make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say
  unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father&#x2019;s loins.
</p>
<p>
  11 And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to
  your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you
  with scorpions.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as
  the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men&#x2019;s
  counsel that they gave him;
</p>
<p>
  14 And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father
  made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised
  you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
</p>
<p>
  15 Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from
  the Lord, that he might perform his saying, which the Lord spake by Ahijah the
  Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the
  people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have
  we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine
  own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents.
</p>
<p>
  17 But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah,
  Rehoboam reigned over them.
</p>
<p>
  18 Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel
  stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to
  get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>19 So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.</p>
<p>
  20 And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again,
  that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over
  all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of
  Judah only.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house
  of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen
  men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the
  kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>22 But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God, saying,</p>
<p>
  23 Speak unto Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and unto all the
  house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people, saying,
</p>
<p>
  24 Thus saith the Lord, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren
  the children of Israel: return every man to his house; for this thing is from
  me. They hearkened therefore to the word of the Lord, and returned to depart,
  according to the word of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and
  went out from thence, and built Penuel.
</p>
<p>
  26 And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house
  of David:
</p>
<p>
  27 If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the Lord at Jerusalem,
  then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord, even unto
  Rehoboam king of Judah, and they shall kill me, and go again to Rehoboam king
  of Judah.
</p>
<p>
  28 Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of gold, and said unto
  them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold thy gods, O Israel,
  which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>29 And he set the one in Beth-el, and the other put he in Dan.</p>
<p>
  30 And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one,
  even unto Dan.
</p>
<p>
  31 And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the
  people, which were not of the sons of Levi.
</p>
<p>
  32 And Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of
  the month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the
  altar. So did he in Beth-el, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and
  he placed in Beth-el the priests of the high places which he had made.
</p>
<p>
  33 So he offered upon the altar which he had made in Beth-el the fifteenth day
  of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart;
  and ordained a feast unto the children of Israel: and he offered upon the
  altar, and burnt incense.
</p>
