---
title: 1 Kings 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>1 So king Solomon was king over all Israel.</p>
<p>
  2 And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the
  priest,
</p>
<p>
  3 Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of
  Ahilud, the recorder.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the host: and Zadok and Abiathar
  were the priests:
</p>
<p>
  5 And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of
  Nathan was principal officer, and the king&#x2019;s friend:
</p>
<p>
  6 And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over
  the tribute.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel, which provided
  victuals for the king and his household: each man his month in a year made
  provision.
</p>
<p>8 And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim:</p>
<p>
  9 The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Beth-shemesh, and
  Elon-beth-hanan:
</p>
<p>
  10 The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of
  Hepher:
</p>
<p>
  11 The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the
  daughter of Solomon to wife:
</p>
<p>
  12 Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all
  Beth-shean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Beth-shean to
  Abel-meholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam:
</p>
<p>
  13 The son of Geber, in Ramoth-gilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the
  son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of
  Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars:
</p>
<p>14 Ahinadab the son of Iddo had Mahanaim:</p>
<p>
  15 Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to
  wife:
</p>
<p>16 Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth:</p>
<p>17 Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar:</p>
<p>18 Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin:</p>
<p>
  19 Geber the son of Uri was in the country of Gilead, in the country of Sihon
  king of the Amorites, and of Og king of Bashan; and he was the only officer
  which was in the land.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; Judah and Israel were many, as the sand which is by the sea in
  multitude, eating and drinking, and making merry.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the
  Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served
  Solomon all the days of his life.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; And Solomon&#x2019;s provision for one day was thirty measures of
  fine flour, and threescore measures of meal,
</p>
<p>
  23 Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep,
  beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl.
</p>
<p>
  24 For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from
  Tiphsah even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had
  peace on all sides round about him.
</p>
<p>
  25 And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his
  fig tree, from Dan even to Beer-sheba, all the days of Solomon.
</p>
<p>
  26 &#xB6; And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots,
  and twelve thousand horsemen.
</p>
<p>
  27 And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came
  unto king Solomon&#x2019;s table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing.
</p>
<p>
  28 Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the
  place where the officers were, every man according to his charge.
</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and
  largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Solomon&#x2019;s wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the
  east country, and all the wisdom of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  31 For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and
  Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round
  about.
</p>
<p>
  32 And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a thousand and
  five.
</p>
<p>
  33 And he spake of trees, from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the
  hyssop that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl,
  and of creeping things, and of fishes.
</p>
<p>
  34 And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings
  of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
</p>
