---
title: Lamentations 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>1 I am the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.</p>
<p>2 He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.</p>
<p>
  3 Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day.
</p>
<p>4 My flesh and my skin hath he made old; he hath broken my bones.</p>
<p>5 He hath builded against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.</p>
<p>6 He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.</p>
<p>
  7 He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath made my chain heavy.
</p>
<p>8 Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer.</p>
<p>
  9 He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.
</p>
<p>
  10 He was unto me as a bear lying in wait, and as a lion in secret places.
</p>
<p>
  11 He hath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me
  desolate.
</p>
<p>12 He hath bent his bow, and set me as a mark for the arrow.</p>
<p>13 He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins.</p>
<p>14 I was a derision to all my people; and their song all the day.</p>
<p>
  15 He hath filled me with bitterness, he hath made me drunken with wormwood.
</p>
<p>
  16 He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he hath covered me with
  ashes.
</p>
<p>17 And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace: I forgat prosperity.</p>
<p>18 And I said, My strength and my hope is perished from the Lord:</p>
<p>19 Remembering mine affliction and my misery, the wormwood and the gall.</p>
<p>20 My soul hath them still in remembrance, and is humbled in me.</p>
<p>21 This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope.</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; It is of the Lord&#x2019;s mercies that we are not consumed, because
  his compassions fail not.
</p>
<p>23 They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.</p>
<p>24 The Lord is my portion, saith my soul; therefore will I hope in him.</p>
<p>
  25 The Lord is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him.
</p>
<p>
  26 It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation
  of the Lord.
</p>
<p>27 It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth.</p>
<p>
  28 He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath borne it upon him.
</p>
<p>29 He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.</p>
<p>
  30 He giveth his cheek to him that smiteth him: he is filled full with
  reproach.
</p>
<p>31 For the Lord will not cast off for ever:</p>
<p>
  32 But though he cause grief, yet will he have compassion according to the
  multitude of his mercies.
</p>
<p>33 For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.</p>
<p>34 To crush under his feet all the prisoners of the earth,</p>
<p>35 To turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most High,</p>
<p>36 To subvert a man in his cause, the Lord approveth not.</p>
<p>
  37 &#xB6; Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass, when the Lord
  commandeth it not?
</p>
<p>38 Out of the mouth of the most High proceedeth not evil and good?</p>
<p>
  39 Wherefore doth a living man complain, a man for the punishment of his sins?
</p>
<p>40 Let us search and try our ways, and turn again to the Lord.</p>
<p>41 Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens.</p>
<p>42 We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned.</p>
<p>
  43 Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast
  not pitied.
</p>
<p>
  44 Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud, that our prayer should not pass
  through.
</p>
<p>
  45 Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people.
</p>
<p>46 All our enemies have opened their mouths against us.</p>
<p>47 Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction.</p>
<p>
  48 Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destruction of the
  daughter of my people.
</p>
<p>49 Mine eye trickleth down, and ceaseth not, without any intermission,</p>
<p>50 Till the Lord look down, and behold from heaven.</p>
<p>51 Mine eye affecteth mine heart because of all the daughters of my city.</p>
<p>52 Mine enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause.</p>
<p>53 They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me.</p>
<p>54 Waters flowed over mine head; then I said, I am cut off.</p>
<p>55 &#xB6; I called upon thy name, O Lord, out of the low dungeon.</p>
<p>
  56 Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, at my cry.
</p>
<p>
  57 Thou drewest near in the day that I called upon thee: thou saidst, Fear
  not.
</p>
<p>
  58 O Lord, thou hast pleaded the causes of my soul; thou hast redeemed my
  life.
</p>
<p>59 O Lord, thou hast seen my wrong: judge thou my cause.</p>
<p>
  60 Thou hast seen all their vengeance and all their imaginations against me.
</p>
<p>
  61 Thou hast heard their reproach, O Lord, and all their imaginations against
  me;
</p>
<p>
  62 The lips of those that rose up against me, and their device against me all
  the day.
</p>
<p>63 Behold their sitting down, and their rising up; I am their musick.</p>
<p>
  64 &#xB6; Render unto them a recompence, O Lord, according to the work of
  their hands.
</p>
<p>65 Give them sorrow of heart, thy curse unto them.</p>
<p>
  66 Persecute and destroy them in anger from under the heavens of the Lord.
</p>
