---
title: Lamentations 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:27 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 Remember, O Lord, what is come upon us: consider, and behold our reproach.
</p>
<p>2 Our inheritance is turned to strangers, our houses to aliens.</p>
<p>3 We are orphans and fatherless, our mothers are as widows.</p>
<p>4 We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold unto us.</p>
<p>5 Our necks are under persecution: we labour, and have no rest.</p>
<p>
  6 We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be
  satisfied with bread.
</p>
<p>
  7 Our fathers have sinned, and are not; and we have borne their iniquities.
</p>
<p>
  8 Servants have ruled over us: there is none that doth deliver us out of their
  hand.
</p>
<p>
  9 We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the
  wilderness.
</p>
<p>10 Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine.</p>
<p>11 They ravished the women in Zion, and the maids in the cities of Judah.</p>
<p>
  12 Princes are hanged up by their hand: the faces of elders were not honoured.
</p>
<p>
  13 They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood.
</p>
<p>14 The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their musick.</p>
<p>15 The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is turned into mourning.</p>
<p>16 The crown is fallen from our head: woe unto us, that we have sinned!</p>
<p>17 For this our heart is faint; for these things our eyes are dim.</p>
<p>
  18 Because of the mountain of Zion, which is desolate, the foxes walk upon it.
</p>
<p>
  19 Thou, O Lord, remainest for ever; thy throne from generation to generation.
</p>
<p>20 Wherefore dost thou forget us for ever, and forsake us so long time?</p>
<p>
  21 Turn thou us unto thee, O Lord, and we shall be turned; renew our days as
  of old.
</p>
<p>22 But thou hast utterly rejected us; thou art very wroth against us.</p>
