---
title: 1 Thessalonians 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus,
  that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye
  would abound more and more.
</p>
<p>2 For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should
  abstain from fornication:
</p>
<p>
  4 That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in
  sanctification and honour;
</p>
<p>
  5 Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:
</p>
<p>
  6 That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that
  the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and
  testified.
</p>
<p>7 For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.</p>
<p>
  8 He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given
  unto us his holy Spirit.
</p>
<p>
  9 But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye
  yourselves are taught of God to love one another.
</p>
<p>
  10 And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but
  we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;
</p>
<p>
  11 And that ye study to be quiet, and to do your own business, and to work
  with your own hands, as we commanded you;
</p>
<p>
  12 That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may
  have lack of nothing.
</p>
<p>
  13 But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which
  are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.
</p>
<p>
  14 For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which
  sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
</p>
<p>
  15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive
  and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are
  asleep.
</p>
<p>
  16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice
  of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise
  first:
</p>
<p>
  17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in
  the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>18 Wherefore comfort one another with these words.</p>
