---
title: Colossians 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where
  Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
</p>
<p>2 Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.</p>
<p>3 For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.</p>
<p>
  4 When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with
  him in glory.
</p>
<p>
  5 Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication,
  uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which
  is idolatry:
</p>
<p>
  6 For which things&#x2019; sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of
  disobedience:
</p>
<p>7 In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.</p>
<p>
  8 But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy
  communication out of your mouth.
</p>
<p>
  9 Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his
  deeds;
</p>
<p>
  10 And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image
  of him that created him:
</p>
<p>
  11 Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision,
  Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.
</p>
<p>
  12 Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies,
  kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
</p>
<p>
  13 Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a
  quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.
</p>
<p>
  14 And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of
  perfectness.
</p>
<p>
  15 And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are
  called in one body; and be ye thankful.
</p>
<p>
  16 Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and
  admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with
  grace in your hearts to the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  17 And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus,
  giving thanks to God and the Father by him.
</p>
<p>
  18 Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.
</p>
<p>19 Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.</p>
<p>
  20 Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>21 Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged.</p>
<p>
  22 Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with
  eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God:
</p>
<p>
  23 And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;
</p>
<p>
  24 Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance:
  for ye serve the Lord Christ.
</p>
<p>
  25 But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and
  there is no respect of persons.
</p>
