---
title: Colossians 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal; knowing that
  ye also have a Master in heaven.
</p>
<p>2 Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;</p>
<p>
  3 Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance,
  to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:
</p>
<p>4 That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.</p>
<p>5 Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.</p>
<p>
  6 Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know
  how ye ought to answer every man.
</p>
<p>
  7 All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and
  a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:
</p>
<p>
  8 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your
  estate, and comfort your hearts;
</p>
<p>
  9 With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall
  make known unto you all things which are done here.
</p>
<p>
  10 Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister&#x2019;s son
  to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you,
  receive him;)
</p>
<p>
  11 And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only
  are my fellowworkers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto
  me.
</p>
<p>
  12 Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, saluteth you, always
  labouring fervently for you in prayers, that ye may stand perfect and complete
  in all the will of God.
</p>
<p>
  13 For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are
  in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.
</p>
<p>14 Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.</p>
<p>
  15 Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church
  which is in his house.
</p>
<p>
  16 And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the
  church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.
</p>
<p>
  17 And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in
  the Lord, that thou fulfil it.
</p>
<p>
  18 The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with
  you. Amen.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>&#xB6; Written from Rome to the Colossians by Tychicus and Onesimus.</p>
</div>
