---
title: Zechariah 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:22 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the
  Lord, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the Lord said unto Satan, The Lord rebuke thee, O Satan; even the Lord
  that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: is not this a brand plucked out of the
  fire?
</p>
<p>
  3 Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take
  away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused
  thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of
  raiment.
</p>
<p>
  5 And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair
  mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the Lord
  stood by.
</p>
<p>6 And the angel of the Lord protested unto Joshua, saying,</p>
<p>
  7 Thus saith the Lord of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt
  keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house, and shalt also keep my
  courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by.
</p>
<p>
  8 Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before
  thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant
  the Branch.
</p>
<p>
  9 For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be
  seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the Lord of
  hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.
</p>
<p>
  10 In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour
  under the vine and under the fig tree.
</p>
