---
title: Zechariah 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying
  roll.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he said unto me, What seest thou? And I answered, I see a flying roll;
  the length thereof is twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof ten cubits.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of
  the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side
  according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side
  according to it.
</p>
<p>
  4 I will bring it forth, saith the Lord of hosts, and it shall enter into the
  house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my
  name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with
  the timber thereof and the stones thereof.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift
  up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goeth forth.
</p>
<p>
  6 And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth. He
  said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth.
</p>
<p>
  7 And, behold, there was lifted up a talent of lead: and this is a woman that
  sitteth in the midst of the ephah.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he said, This is wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah;
  and he cast the weight of lead upon the mouth thereof.
</p>
<p>
  9 Then lifted I up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came out two
  women, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a
  stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven.
</p>
<p>
  10 Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the
  ephah?
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  11 And he said unto me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it
  shall be established, and set there upon her own base.
</p>
