---
title: 3 Nephi 14
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:00 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 14
---

<p>
  1 And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these words he turned
  again to the multitude, and did open his mouth unto them again, saying:
  Verily, verily, I say unto you, Judge not, that ye be not judged.
</p>
<p>
  2 For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged; and with what measure
  ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.
</p>
<p>
  3 And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother&#x2019;s eye, but
  considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?
</p>
<p>
  4 Or how wilt thou say to thy brother: Let me pull the mote out of thine
  eye&#x2014;and behold, a beam is in thine own eye?
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou hypocrite, first cast the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt
  thou see clearly to cast the mote out of thy brother&#x2019;s eye.
</p>
<p>
  6 Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls
  before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend
  you.
</p>
<p>
  7 Ask, and it shall be given unto you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it
  shall be opened unto you.
</p>
<p>
  8 For every one that asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh, findeth; and to
  him that knocketh, it shall be opened.
</p>
<p>
  9 Or what man is there of you, who, if his son ask bread, will give him a
  stone?
</p>
<p>10 Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?</p>
<p>
  11 If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how
  much more shall your Father who is in heaven give good things to them that ask
  him?
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore, all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye
  even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 Enter ye in at the strait gate; for wide is the gate, and broad is the way,
  which leadeth to destruction, and many there be who go in thereat;
</p>
<p>
  14 Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life,
  and few there be that find it.
</p>
<p>
  15 Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep&#x2019;s clothing, but
  inwardly they are ravening wolves.
</p>
<p>
  16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs
  of thistles?
</p>
<p>
  17 Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree
  bringeth forth evil fruit.
</p>
<p>
  18 A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither a corrupt tree bring
  forth good fruit.
</p>
<p>
  19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into
  the fire.
</p>
<p>20 Wherefore, by their fruits ye shall know them.</p>
<p>
  21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom
  of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father who is in heaven.
</p>
<p>
  22 Many will say to me in that day: Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy
  name, and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many
  wonderful works?
</p>
<p>
  23 And then will I profess unto them: I never knew you; depart from me, ye
  that work iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  24 Therefore, whoso heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken
  him unto a wise man, who built his house upon a rock&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  25 And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat
  upon that house; and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock.
</p>
<p>
  26 And every one that heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them not shall
  be likened unto a foolish man, who built his house upon the sand&#x2014;
</p>
<p>
  27 And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat
  upon that house; and it fell, and great was the fall of it.
</p>
