---
title: 2 Samuel 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord sent Nathan unto David. And he came unto him, and said unto
  him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other poor.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>2 The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds:</p>
<p>
  3 But the poor man had nothing, save one little ewe lamb, which he had bought
  and nourished up: and it grew up together with him, and with his children; it
  did eat of his own meat, and drank of his own cup, and lay in his bosom, and
  was unto him as a daughter.
</p>
<p>
  4 And there came a traveller unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his
  own flock and of his own herd, to dress for the wayfaring man that was come
  unto him; but took the poor man&#x2019;s lamb, and dressed it for the man that
  was come to him.
</p>
<p>
  5 And David&#x2019;s anger was greatly kindled against the man; and he said to
  Nathan, As the Lord liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely
  die:
</p>
<p>
  6 And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and
  because he had no pity.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And Nathan said to David, Thou art the man. Thus saith the Lord God
  of Israel, I anointed thee king over Israel, and I delivered thee out of the
  hand of Saul;
</p>
<p>
  8 And I gave thee thy master&#x2019;s house, and thy master&#x2019;s wives
  into thy bosom, and gave thee the house of Israel and of Judah; and if that
  had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such
  things.
</p>
<p>
  9 Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the Lord, to do evil in his
  sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and hast taken his
  wife to be thy wife, and hast slain him with the sword of the children of
  Ammon.
</p>
<p>
  10 Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou
  hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife.
</p>
<p>
  11 Thus saith the Lord, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine
  own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy
  neighbour, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun.
</p>
<p>
  12 For thou didst it secretly: but I will do this thing before all Israel, and
  before the sun.
</p>
<p>
  13 And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against the Lord. And Nathan said
  unto David, The Lord also hath put away thy sin; thou shalt not die.
</p>
<p>
  14 Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies
  of the Lord to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely
  die.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And Nathan departed unto his house. And the Lord struck the child
  that Uriah&#x2019;s wife bare unto David, and it was very sick.
</p>
<p>
  16 David therefore besought God for the child; and David fasted, and went in,
  and lay all night upon the earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from
  the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.
</p>
<p>
  18 And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the
  servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said,
  Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not
  hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the
  child is dead?
</p>
<p>
  19 But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the
  child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child dead? And
  they said, He is dead.
</p>
<p>
  20 Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and
  changed his apparel, and came into the house of the Lord, and worshipped: then
  he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before him, and
  he did eat.
</p>
<p>
  21 Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done?
  thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child
  was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said,
  Who can tell whether God will be gracious to me, that the child may live?
</p>
<p>
  23 But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back again? I
  shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And David comforted Bath-sheba his wife, and went in unto her, and
  lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the Lord
  loved him.
</p>
<p>
  25 And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name
  Jedidiah, because of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  26 &#xB6; And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took
  the royal city.
</p>
<p>
  27 And Joab sent messengers to David, and said, I have fought against Rabbah,
  and have taken the city of waters.
</p>
<p>
  28 Now therefore gather the rest of the people together, and encamp against
  the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name.
</p>
<p>
  29 And David gathered all the people together, and went to Rabbah, and fought
  against it, and took it.
</p>
<p>
  30 And he took their king&#x2019;s crown from off his head, the weight whereof
  was a talent of gold with the precious stones: and it was set on
  David&#x2019;s head. And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great
  abundance.
</p>
<p>
  31 And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws,
  and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through
  the brickkiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon.
  So David and all the people returned unto Jerusalem.
</p>
