---
title: 2 Samuel 15
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 15
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass after this, that Absalom prepared him chariots and
  horses, and fifty men to run before him.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Absalom rose up early, and stood beside the way of the gate: and it was
  so, that when any man that had a controversy came to the king for judgment,
  then Absalom called unto him, and said, Of what city art thou? And he said,
  Thy servant is of one of the tribes of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  3 And Absalom said unto him, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is
  no man deputed of the king to hear thee.
</p>
<p>
  4 Absalom said moreover, Oh that I were made judge in the land, that every man
  which hath any suit or cause might come unto me, and I would do him justice!
</p>
<p>
  5 And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he
  put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.
</p>
<p>
  6 And on this manner did Absalom to all Israel that came to the king for
  judgment: so Absalom stole the hearts of the men of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And it came to pass after forty years, that Absalom said unto the
  king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the Lord,
  in Hebron.
</p>
<p>
  8 For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at Geshur in Syria, saying, If the
  Lord shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the king said unto him, Go in peace. So he arose, and went to Hebron.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying,
  As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom
  reigneth in Hebron.
</p>
<p>
  11 And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called;
  and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing.
</p>
<p>
  12 And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David&#x2019;s counsellor,
  from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the
  conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And there came a messenger to David, saying, The hearts of the men
  of Israel are after Absalom.
</p>
<p>
  14 And David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem,
  Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not else escape from Absalom: make speed
  to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the
  city with the edge of the sword.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the king&#x2019;s servants said unto the king, Behold, thy servants are
  ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint.
</p>
<p>
  16 And the king went forth, and all his household after him. And the king left
  ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a
  place that was far off.
</p>
<p>
  18 And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all
  the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him
  from Gath, passed on before the king.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou also
  with us? return to thy place, and abide with the king: for thou art a
  stranger, and also an exile.
</p>
<p>
  20 Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee go up and
  down with us? seeing I go whither I may, return thou, and take back thy
  brethren: mercy and truth be with thee.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the Lord liveth, and as my lord
  the king liveth, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in
  death or life, even there also will thy servant be.
</p>
<p>
  22 And David said to Ittai, Go and pass over. And Ittai the Gittite passed
  over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him.
</p>
<p>
  23 And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over:
  the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed
  over, toward the way of the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And lo Zadok also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the
  ark of the covenant of God: and they set down the ark of God; and Abiathar
  went up, until all the people had done passing out of the city.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the king said unto Zadok, Carry back the ark of God into the city: if I
  shall find favour in the eyes of the Lord, he will bring me again, and shew me
  both it, and his habitation:
</p>
<p>
  26 But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him
  do to me as seemeth good unto him.
</p>
<p>
  27 The king said also unto Zadok the priest, Art not thou a seer? return into
  the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz thy son, and Jonathan
  the son of Abiathar.
</p>
<p>
  28 See, I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness, until there come word
  from you to certify me.
</p>
<p>
  29 Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to Jerusalem: and
  they tarried there.
</p>
<p>
  30 &#xB6; And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went
  up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that
  was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they
  went up.
</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the conspirators
  with Absalom. And David said, O Lord, I pray thee, turn the counsel of
  Ahithophel into foolishness.
</p>
<p>
  32 &#xB6; And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the
  mount, where he worshipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him
  with his coat rent, and earth upon his head:
</p>
<p>
  33 Unto whom David said, If thou passest on with me, then thou shalt be a
  burden unto me:
</p>
<p>
  34 But if thou return to the city, and say unto Absalom, I will be thy
  servant, O king; as I have been thy father&#x2019;s servant hitherto, so will
  I now also be thy servant: then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of
  Ahithophel.
</p>
<p>
  35 And hast thou not there with thee Zadok and Abiathar the priests? therefore
  it shall be, that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king&#x2019;s
  house, thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests.
</p>
<p>
  36 Behold, they have there with them their two sons, Ahimaaz Zadok&#x2019;s
  son, and Jonathan Abiathar&#x2019;s son; and by them ye shall send unto me
  every thing that ye can hear.
</p>
<p>
  37 So Hushai David&#x2019;s friend came into the city, and Absalom came into
  Jerusalem.
</p>
