---
title: 2 Samuel 23
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:48 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 23
---

<p>
  1 Now these be the last words of David. David the son of Jesse said, and the
  man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of Jacob, and the sweet
  psalmist of Israel, said,
</p>
<p>2 The Spirit of the Lord spake by me, and his word was in my tongue.</p>
<p>
  3 The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spake to me, He that ruleth over
  men must be just, ruling in the fear of God.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun riseth, even a
  morning without clouds; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by
  clear shining after rain.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  5 Although my house be not so with God; yet he hath made with me an
  everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my
  salvation, and all my desire, although he make it not to grow.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away,
  because they cannot be taken with hands:
</p>
<p>
  7 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of
  a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; These be the names of the mighty men whom David had: The Tachmonite
  that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was Adino the Eznite:
  he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time.
</p>
<p>
  9 And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three
  mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there
  gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away:
</p>
<p>
  10 He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand was weary, and his hand
  clave unto the sword: and the Lord wrought a great victory that day; and the
  people returned after him only to spoil.
</p>
<p>
  11 And after him was Shammah the son of Agee the Hararite. And the Philistines
  were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of
  lentiles: and the people fled from the Philistines.
</p>
<p>
  12 But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the
  Philistines: and the Lord wrought a great victory.
</p>
<p>
  13 And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to David in the harvest
  time unto the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the
  valley of Rephaim.
</p>
<p>
  14 And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then
  in Beth-lehem.
</p>
<p>
  15 And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of
  the well of Beth-lehem, which is by the gate!
</p>
<p>
  16 And the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines, and
  drew water out of the well of Beth-lehem, that was by the gate, and took it,
  and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured
  it out unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  17 And he said, Be it far from me, O Lord, that I should do this: is not this
  the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would
  not drink it. These things did these three mighty men.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Abishai, the brother of Joab, the son of Zeruiah, was chief among
  three. And he lifted up his spear against three hundred, and slew them, and
  had the name among three.
</p>
<p>
  19 Was he not most honourable of three? therefore he was their captain:
  howbeit he attained not unto the first three.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man, of Kabzeel, who
  had done many acts, he slew two lionlike men of Moab: he went down also and
  slew a lion in the midst of a pit in time of snow:
</p>
<p>
  21 And he slew an Egyptian, a goodly man: and the Egyptian had a spear in his
  hand; but he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the
  Egyptian&#x2019;s hand, and slew him with his own spear.
</p>
<p>
  22 These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among three
  mighty men.
</p>
<p>
  23 He was more honourable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first
  three. And David set him over his guard.
</p>
<p>
  24 Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo
  of Beth-lehem,
</p>
<p>25 Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite,</p>
<span></span>
<p>26 Helez the Paltite, Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,</p>
<p>27 Abiezer the Anethothite, Mebunnai the Hushathite,</p>
<p>28 Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite,</p>
<p>
  29 Heleb the son of Baanah, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of
  Gibeah of the children of Benjamin,
</p>
<p>30 Benaiah the Pirathonite, Hiddai of the brooks of Gaash,</p>
<p>31 Abi-albon the Arbathite, Azmaveth the Barhumite,</p>
<p>32 Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan,</p>
<p>33 Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite,</p>
<p>
  34 Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite, Eliam the son of
  Ahithophel the Gilonite,
</p>
<p>35 Hezrai the Carmelite, Paarai the Arbite,</p>
<p>36 Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite,</p>
<p>
  37 Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Beerothite, armourbearer to Joab the son of
  Zeruiah,
</p>
<p>38 Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite,</p>
<p>39 Uriah the Hittite: thirty and seven in all.</p>
