---
title: Job 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:34 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I will
  speak in the bitterness of my soul.
</p>
<p>
  2 I will say unto God, Do not condemn me; shew me wherefore thou contendest
  with me.
</p>
<p>
  3 Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou shouldest
  despise the work of thine hands, and shine upon the counsel of the wicked?
</p>
<p>4 Hast thou eyes of flesh? or seest thou as man seeth?</p>
<p>5 Are thy days as the days of man? are thy years as man&#x2019;s days,</p>
<span></span>
<p>6 That thou inquirest after mine iniquity, and searchest after my sin?</p>
<p>
  7 Thou knowest that I am not wicked; and there is none that can deliver out of
  thine hand.
</p>
<p>
  8 Thine hands have made me and fashioned me together round about; yet thou
  dost destroy me.
</p>
<p>
  9 Remember, I beseech thee, that thou hast made me as the clay; and wilt thou
  bring me into dust again?
</p>
<p>10 Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?</p>
<p>
  11 Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and
  sinews.
</p>
<p>
  12 Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my
  spirit.
</p>
<p>
  13 And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  14 If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from mine
  iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  15 If I be wicked, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up
  my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction;
</p>
<p>
  16 For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest
  thyself marvellous upon me.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation
  upon me; changes and war are against me.
</p>
<p>
  18 Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had
  given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!
</p>
<p>
  19 I should have been as though I had not been; I should have been carried
  from the womb to the grave.
</p>
<p>
  20 Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort
  a little,
</p>
<p>
  21 Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the
  shadow of death;
</p>
<p>
  22 A land of darkness, as darkness itself; and of the shadow of death, without
  any order, and where the light is as darkness.
</p>
