---
title: Job 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Should not the multitude of words be answered? and should a man full of talk
  be justified?
</p>
<p>
  3 Should thy lies make men hold their peace? and when thou mockest, shall no
  man make thee ashamed?
</p>
<p>4 For thou hast said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in thine eyes.</p>
<p>5 But oh that God would speak, and open his lips against thee;</p>
<p>
  6 And that he would shew thee the secrets of wisdom, that they are double to
  that which is! Know therefore that God exacteth of thee less than thine
  iniquity deserveth.
</p>
<p>
  7 Canst thou by searching find out God? canst thou find out the Almighty unto
  perfection?
</p>
<p>
  8 It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do? deeper than hell; what canst
  thou know?
</p>
<p>9 The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.</p>
<p>
  10 If he cut off, and shut up, or gather together, then who can hinder him?
</p>
<p>
  11 For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedness also; will he not then
  consider it?
</p>
<p>
  12 For vain man would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass&#x2019;s
  colt.
</p>
<p>13 If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  14 If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell
  in thy tabernacles.
</p>
<p>
  15 For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be
  steadfast, and shalt not fear:
</p>
<p>
  16 Because thou shalt forget thy misery, and remember it as waters that pass
  away:
</p>
<p>
  17 And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday; thou shalt shine forth,
  thou shalt be as the morning.
</p>
<p>
  18 And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about
  thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety.
</p>
<p>
  19 Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall
  make suit unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  20 But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their
  hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.
</p>
