---
title: Job 13
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:38 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 13
---

<p>1 Lo, mine eye hath seen all this, mine ear hath heard and understood it.</p>
<p>2 What ye know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior unto you.</p>
<p>3 Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with God.</p>
<p>4 But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.</p>
<p>
  5 O that ye would altogether hold your peace! and it should be your wisdom.
</p>
<p>6 Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips.</p>
<p>7 Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him?</p>
<p>8 Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?</p>
<p>
  9 Is it good that he should search you out? or as one man mocketh another, do
  ye so mock him?
</p>
<p>10 He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons.</p>
<p>11 Shall not his excellency make you afraid? and his dread fall upon you?</p>
<p>12 Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay.</p>
<p>
  13 Hold your peace, let me alone, that I may speak, and let come on me what
  will.
</p>
<p>
  14 Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?
</p>
<p>
  15 Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own
  ways before him.
</p>
<p>
  16 He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
</p>
<p>17 Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.</p>
<p>18 Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.</p>
<p>
  19 Who is he that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall
  give up the ghost.
</p>
<p>20 Only do not two things unto me: then will I not hide myself from thee.</p>
<p>21 Withdraw thine hand far from me: and let not thy dread make me afraid.</p>
<p>
  22 Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me.
</p>
<p>
  23 How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and
  my sin.
</p>
<p>24 Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest me for thine enemy?</p>
<p>
  25 Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro? and wilt thou pursue the dry
  stubble?
</p>
<p>
  26 For thou writest bitter things against me, and makest me to possess the
  iniquities of my youth.
</p>
<p>
  27 Thou puttest my feet also in the stocks, and lookest narrowly unto all my
  paths; thou settest a print upon the heels of my feet.
</p>
<p>28 And he, as a rotten thing, consumeth, as a garment that is moth eaten.</p>
