---
title: Job 14
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 14
---

<p>1 Man that is born of a woman is of few days, and full of trouble.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 He cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth also as a shadow,
  and continueth not.
</p>
<p>
  3 And dost thou open thine eyes upon such an one, and bringest me into
  judgment with thee?
</p>
<p>4 Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one.</p>
<p>
  5 Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou
  hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass;
</p>
<p>
  6 Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling,
  his day.
</p>
<p>
  7 For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again,
  and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.
</p>
<p>
  8 Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in
  the ground;
</p>
<p>
  9 Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a
  plant.
</p>
<p>
  10 But man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is
  he?
</p>
<p>11 As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up:</p>
<p>
  12 So man lieth down, and riseth not: till the heavens be no more, they shall
  not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep.
</p>
<p>
  13 O that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep me
  secret, until thy wrath be past, that thou wouldest appoint me a set time, and
  remember me!
</p>
<p>
  14 If a man die, shall he live again? all the days of my appointed time will I
  wait, till my change come.
</p>
<p>
  15 Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire to the
  work of thine hands.
</p>
<p>16 For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?</p>
<p>
  17 My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and thou sewest up mine iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  18 And surely the mountain falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed
  out of his place.
</p>
<p>
  19 The waters wear the stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of
  the dust of the earth; and thou destroyest the hope of man.
</p>
<p>
  20 Thou prevailest for ever against him, and he passeth: thou changest his
  countenance, and sendest him away.
</p>
<p>
  21 His sons come to honour, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low,
  but he perceiveth it not of them.
</p>
<p>
  22 But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him shall
  mourn.
</p>
