---
title: Job 16
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:41 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 16
---

<p>1 Then Job answered and said,</p>
<p>2 I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are ye all.</p>
<p>
  3 Shall vain words have an end? or what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest?
</p>
<p>
  4 I also could speak as ye do: if your soul were in my soul&#x2019;s stead, I
  could heap up words against you, and shake mine head at you.
</p>
<p>
  5 But I would strengthen you with my mouth, and the moving of my lips should
  assuage your grief.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  6 Though I speak, my grief is not assuaged: and though I forbear, what am I
  eased?
</p>
<p>7 But now he hath made me weary: thou hast made desolate all my company.</p>
<p>
  8 And thou hast filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my
  leanness rising up in me beareth witness to my face.
</p>
<p>
  9 He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his
  teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me.
</p>
<p>
  10 They have gaped upon me with their mouth; they have smitten me upon the
  cheek reproachfully; they have gathered themselves together against me.
</p>
<p>
  11 God hath delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over into the hands of
  the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  12 I was at ease, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my
  neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark.
</p>
<p>
  13 His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth
  not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground.
</p>
<p>
  14 He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant.
</p>
<p>15 I have sewed sackcloth upon my skin, and defiled my horn in the dust.</p>
<p>
  16 My face is foul with weeping, and on my eyelids is the shadow of death;
</p>
<p>17 Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.</p>
<p>18 O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place.</p>
<p>19 Also now, behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.</p>
<p>20 My friends scorn me: but mine eye poureth out tears unto God.</p>
<p>
  21 O that one might plead for a man with God, as a man pleadeth for his
  neighbour!
</p>
<p>
  22 When a few years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not
  return.
</p>
