---
title: Job 19
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:43 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 19
---

<p>1 Then Job answered and said,</p>
<p>2 How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words?</p>
<p>
  3 These ten times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make
  yourselves strange to me.
</p>
<p>4 And be it indeed that I have erred, mine error remaineth with myself.</p>
<p>
  5 If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my
  reproach:
</p>
<p>
  6 Know now that God hath overthrown me, and hath compassed me with his net.
</p>
<p>
  7 Behold, I cry out of wrong, but I am not heard: I cry aloud, but there is no
  judgment.
</p>
<p>
  8 He hath fenced up my way that I cannot pass, and he hath set darkness in my
  paths.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>9 He hath stripped me of my glory, and taken the crown from my head.</p>
<p>
  10 He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he
  removed like a tree.
</p>
<p>
  11 He hath also kindled his wrath against me, and he counteth me unto him as
  one of his enemies.
</p>
<p>
  12 His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp
  round about my tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  13 He hath put my brethren far from me, and mine acquaintance are verily
  estranged from me.
</p>
<p>14 My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me.</p>
<p>
  15 They that dwell in mine house, and my maids, count me for a stranger: I am
  an alien in their sight.
</p>
<p>
  16 I called my servant, and he gave me no answer; I entreated him with my
  mouth.
</p>
<p>
  17 My breath is strange to my wife, though I entreated for the
  children&#x2019;s sake of mine own body.
</p>
<p>18 Yea, young children despised me; I arose, and they spake against me.</p>
<p>
  19 All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against
  me.
</p>
<p>
  20 My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin
  of my teeth.
</p>
<p>
  21 Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God
  hath touched me.
</p>
<p>22 Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?</p>
<p>
  23 Oh that my words were now written! oh that they were printed in a book!
</p>
<p>24 That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!</p>
<p>
  25 For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter
  day upon the earth:
</p>
<p>
  26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I
  see God:
</p>
<p>
  27 Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another;
  though my reins be consumed within me.
</p>
<p>
  28 But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is
  found in me?
</p>
<p>
  29 Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword,
  that ye may know there is a judgment.
</p>
