---
title: Job 20
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:45 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 20
---

<p>1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,</p>
<p>2 Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste.</p>
<p>
  3 I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding
  causeth me to answer.
</p>
<p>4 Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth,</p>
<p>
  5 That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but
  for a moment?
</p>
<p>
  6 Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the
  clouds;
</p>
<p>
  7 Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung: they which have seen him
  shall say, Where is he?
</p>
<p>
  8 He shall fly away as a dream, and shall not be found: yea, he shall be
  chased away as a vision of the night.
</p>
<p>
  9 The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place
  any more behold him.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore
  their goods.
</p>
<p>
  11 His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down with him
  in the dust.
</p>
<p>
  12 Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his
  tongue;
</p>
<p>
  13 Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:
</p>
<p>
  14 Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him.
</p>
<p>
  15 He hath swallowed down riches, and he shall vomit them up again: God shall
  cast them out of his belly.
</p>
<p>
  16 He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper&#x2019;s tongue shall slay him.
</p>
<p>
  17 He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of honey and butter.
</p>
<p>
  18 That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not swallow it down:
  according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice
  therein.
</p>
<p>
  19 Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor; because he hath
  violently taken away an house which he builded not;
</p>
<p>
  20 Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that
  which he desired.
</p>
<p>
  21 There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his
  goods.
</p>
<p>
  22 In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the
  wicked shall come upon him.
</p>
<p>
  23 When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of his wrath
  upon him, and shall rain it upon him while he is eating.
</p>
<p>
  24 He shall flee from the iron weapon, and the bow of steel shall strike him
  through.
</p>
<p>
  25 It is drawn, and cometh out of the body; yea, the glittering sword cometh
  out of his gall: terrors are upon him.
</p>
<p>
  26 All darkness shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall
  consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  27 The heaven shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against
  him.
</p>
<p>
  28 The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in
  the day of his wrath.
</p>
<p>
  29 This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed
  unto him by God.
</p>
