---
title: Job 21
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:46 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 21
---

<p>1 But Job answered and said,</p>
<p>2 Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations.</p>
<p>3 Suffer me that I may speak; and after that I have spoken, mock on.</p>
<p>
  4 As for me, is my complaint to man? and if it were so, why should not my
  spirit be troubled?
</p>
<p>5 Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand upon your mouth.</p>
<p>
  6 Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh.
</p>
<p>7 Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?</p>
<p>
  8 Their seed is established in their sight with them, and their offspring
  before their eyes.
</p>
<p>9 Their houses are safe from fear, neither is the rod of God upon them.</p>
<p>
  10 Their bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not
  her calf.
</p>
<p>
  11 They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance.
</p>
<p>12 They take the timbrel and harp, and rejoice at the sound of the organ.</p>
<p>13 They spend their days in wealth, and in a moment go down to the grave.</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the
  knowledge of thy ways.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  15 What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we
  have, if we pray unto him?
</p>
<p>
  16 Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from
  me.
</p>
<p>
  17 How oft is the candle of the wicked put out! and how oft cometh their
  destruction upon them! God distributeth sorrows in his anger.
</p>
<p>
  18 They are as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the storm carrieth
  away.
</p>
<p>
  19 God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall
  know it.
</p>
<p>
  20 His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the
  Almighty.
</p>
<p>
  21 For what pleasure hath he in his house after him, when the number of his
  months is cut off in the midst?
</p>
<p>22 Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high.</p>
<p>23 One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.</p>
<p>24 His breasts are full of milk, and his bones are moistened with marrow.</p>
<p>
  25 And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never eateth with
  pleasure.
</p>
<p>26 They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them.</p>
<p>
  27 Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which ye wrongfully imagine
  against me.
</p>
<p>
  28 For ye say, Where is the house of the prince? and where are the dwelling
  places of the wicked?
</p>
<p>
  29 Have ye not asked them that go by the way? and do ye not know their tokens,
</p>
<p>
  30 That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction? they shall be
  brought forth to the day of wrath.
</p>
<p>
  31 Who shall declare his way to his face? and who shall repay him what he hath
  done?
</p>
<p>32 Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb.</p>
<p>
  33 The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw
  after him, as there are innumerable before him.
</p>
<p>
  34 How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth
  falsehood?
</p>
