---
title: Job 22
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:47 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 22
---

<p>1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto
  himself?
</p>
<p>
  3 Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous? or is it gain
  to him, that thou makest thy ways perfect?
</p>
<p>
  4 Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into
  judgment?
</p>
<p>5 Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite?</p>
<p>
  6 For thou hast taken a pledge from thy brother for nought, and stripped the
  naked of their clothing.
</p>
<p>
  7 Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden
  bread from the hungry.
</p>
<p>
  8 But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in
  it.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou hast sent widows away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been
  broken.
</p>
<p>10 Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;</p>
<p>
  11 Or darkness, that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how
  high they are!
</p>
<p>
  13 And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he judge through the dark cloud?
</p>
<p>
  14 Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in
  the circuit of heaven.
</p>
<p>15 Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?</p>
<p>
  16 Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a
  flood:
</p>
<p>
  17 Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?
</p>
<p>
  18 Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked
  is far from me.
</p>
<p>
  19 The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn.
</p>
<p>
  20 Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire
  consumeth.
</p>
<p>
  21 Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come
  unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  22 Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine
  heart.
</p>
<p>
  23 If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away
  iniquity far from thy tabernacles.
</p>
<p>
  24 Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of
  the brooks.
</p>
<p>
  25 Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defence, and thou shalt have plenty of
  silver.
</p>
<p>
  26 For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt lift up thy
  face unto God.
</p>
<p>
  27 Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt
  pay thy vows.
</p>
<p>
  28 Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and
  the light shall shine upon thy ways.
</p>
<p>
  29 When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he
  shall save the humble person.
</p>
<p>
  30 He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the
  pureness of thine hands.
</p>
