---
title: Job 23
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:48 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 23
---

<p>1 Then Job answered and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning.
</p>
<p>
  3 Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!
</p>
<p>4 I would order my cause before him, and fill my mouth with arguments.</p>
<p>
  5 I would know the words which he would answer me, and understand what he
  would say unto me.
</p>
<p>
  6 Will he plead against me with his great power? No; but he would put strength
  in me.
</p>
<p>
  7 There the righteous might dispute with him; so should I be delivered for
  ever from my judge.
</p>
<p>
  8 Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot
  perceive him:
</p>
<p>
  9 On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him: he hideth
  himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him:
</p>
<p>
  10 But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come
  forth as gold.
</p>
<p>11 My foot hath held his steps, his way have I kept, and not declined.</p>
<p>
  12 Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips; I have esteemed
  the words of his mouth more than my necessary food.
</p>
<p>
  13 But he is in one mind, and who can turn him? and what his soul desireth,
  even that he doeth.
</p>
<p>
  14 For he performeth the thing that is appointed for me: and many such things
  are with him.
</p>
<p>
  15 Therefore am I troubled at his presence: when I consider, I am afraid of
  him.
</p>
<p>16 For God maketh my heart soft, and the Almighty troubleth me:</p>
<p>
  17 Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither hath he covered the
  darkness from my face.
</p>
