---
title: Job 30
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:53 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 30
---

<p>
  1 But now they that are younger than I have me in derision, whose fathers I
  would have disdained to have set with the dogs of my flock.
</p>
<p>
  2 Yea, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age
  was perished?
</p>
<p>
  3 For want and famine they were solitary; fleeing into the wilderness in
  former time desolate and waste.
</p>
<p>4 Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat.</p>
<p>
  5 They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a
  thief;)
</p>
<p>
  6 To dwell in the clifts of the valleys, in caves of the earth, and in the
  rocks.
</p>
<p>
  7 Among the bushes they brayed; under the nettles they were gathered together.
</p>
<p>
  8 They were children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than
  the earth.
</p>
<p>9 And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword.</p>
<p>
  10 They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.
</p>
<p>
  11 Because he hath loosed my cord, and afflicted me, they have also let loose
  the bridle before me.
</p>
<p>
  12 Upon my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise
  up against me the ways of their destruction.
</p>
<p>13 They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have no helper.</p>
<p>
  14 They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they
  rolled themselves upon me.
</p>
<p>
  15 Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare
  passeth away as a cloud.
</p>
<p>
  16 And now my soul is poured out upon me; the days of affliction have taken
  hold upon me.
</p>
<p>
  17 My bones are pierced in me in the night season: and my sinews take no rest.
</p>
<p>
  18 By the great force of my disease is my garment changed: it bindeth me about
  as the collar of my coat.
</p>
<p>19 He hath cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes.</p>
<p>
  20 I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest
  me not.
</p>
<p>
  21 Thou art become cruel to me: with thy strong hand thou opposest thyself
  against me.
</p>
<p>
  22 Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and
  dissolvest my substance.
</p>
<p>
  23 For I know that thou wilt bring me to death, and to the house appointed for
  all living.
</p>
<p>
  24 Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in
  his destruction.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  25 Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? was not my soul grieved for the
  poor?
</p>
<p>
  26 When I looked for good, then evil came unto me: and when I waited for
  light, there came darkness.
</p>
<p>27 My bowels boiled, and rested not: the days of affliction prevented me.</p>
<p>
  28 I went mourning without the sun: I stood up, and I cried in the
  congregation.
</p>
<p>29 I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.</p>
<p>30 My skin is black upon me, and my bones are burned with heat.</p>
<p>
  31 My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them
  that weep.
</p>
