---
title: Job 32
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:55 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 32
---

<p>
  1 So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own
  eyes.
</p>
<p>
  2 Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the
  kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified
  himself rather than God.
</p>
<p>
  3 Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found
  no answer, and yet had condemned Job.
</p>
<p>
  4 Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he.
</p>
<p>
  5 When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men,
  then his wrath was kindled.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite answered and said, I am young, and
  ye are very old; wherefore I was afraid, and durst not shew you mine opinion.
</p>
<p>7 I said, Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom.</p>
<p>
  8 But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth
  them understanding.
</p>
<p>9 Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment.</p>
<p>10 Therefore I said, Hearken to me; I also will shew mine opinion.</p>
<p>
  11 Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye
  searched out what to say.
</p>
<p>
  12 Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced
  Job, or that answered his words:
</p>
<p>
  13 Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusteth him down, not
  man.
</p>
<p>
  14 Now he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer him
  with your speeches.
</p>
<p>15 They were amazed, they answered no more: they left off speaking.</p>
<p>
  16 When I had waited, (for they spake not, but stood still, and answered no
  more;)
</p>
<p>17 I said, I will answer also my part, I also will shew mine opinion.</p>
<p>18 For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me.</p>
<p>
  19 Behold, my belly is as wine which hath no vent; it is ready to burst like
  new bottles.
</p>
<p>20 I will speak, that I may be refreshed: I will open my lips and answer.</p>
<p>
  21 Let me not, I pray you, accept any man&#x2019;s person, neither let me give
  flattering titles unto man.
</p>
<p>
  22 For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon
  take me away.
</p>
