---
title: Job 33
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:55 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 33
---

<p>
  1 Wherefore, Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words.
</p>
<p>2 Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth.</p>
<p>
  3 My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart: and my lips shall utter
  knowledge clearly.
</p>
<p>
  4 The Spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me
  life.
</p>
<p>5 If thou canst answer me, set thy words in order before me, stand up.</p>
<p>
  6 Behold, I am according to thy wish in God&#x2019;s stead: I also am formed
  out of the clay.
</p>
<p>
  7 Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy
  upon thee.
</p>
<p>
  8 Surely thou hast spoken in mine hearing, and I have heard the voice of thy
  words, saying,
</p>
<p>
  9 I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity
  in me.
</p>
<p>10 Behold, he findeth occasions against me, he counteth me for his enemy,</p>
<p>11 He putteth my feet in the stocks, he marketh all my paths.</p>
<p>
  12 Behold, in this thou art not just: I will answer thee, that God is greater
  than man.
</p>
<p>
  13 Why dost thou strive against him? for he giveth not account of any of his
  matters.
</p>
<p>14 For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not.</p>
<p>
  15 In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in
  slumberings upon the bed;
</p>
<p>16 Then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction,</p>
<p>17 That he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man.</p>
<p>
  18 He keepeth back his soul from the pit, and his life from perishing by the
  sword.
</p>
<p>
  19 He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude of his bones
  with strong pain:
</p>
<p>20 So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat.</p>
<p>
  21 His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot be seen; and his bones that were
  not seen stick out.
</p>
<p>
  22 Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers.
</p>
<p>
  23 If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to
  shew unto man his uprightness:
</p>
<p>
  24 Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the
  pit: I have found a ransom.
</p>
<p>
  25 His flesh shall be fresher than a child&#x2019;s: he shall return to the
  days of his youth:
</p>
<p>
  26 He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall
  see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  27 He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that
  which was right, and it profited me not;
</p>
<p>
  28 He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see
  the light.
</p>
<p>29 Lo, all these things worketh God oftentimes with man,</p>
<p>
  30 To bring back his soul from the pit, to be enlightened with the light of
  the living.
</p>
<p>31 Mark well, O Job, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I will speak.</p>
<p>
  32 If thou hast any thing to say, answer me: speak, for I desire to justify
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  33 If not, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I shall teach thee wisdom.
</p>
