---
title: Job 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:56 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>1 Furthermore Elihu answered and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye that have knowledge.
</p>
<p>3 For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat.</p>
<p>4 Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good.</p>
<p>5 For Job hath said, I am righteous: and God hath taken away my judgment.</p>
<p>
  6 Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression.
</p>
<p>7 What man is like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water?</p>
<p>
  8 Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked
  men.
</p>
<p>
  9 For he hath said, It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself
  with God.
</p>
<p>
  10 Therefore hearken unto me, ye men of understanding: far be it from God,
  that he should do wickedness; and from the Almighty, that he should commit
  iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  11 For the work of a man shall he render unto him, and cause every man to find
  according to his ways.
</p>
<p>
  12 Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert
  judgment.
</p>
<p>
  13 Who hath given him a charge over the earth? or who hath disposed the whole
  world?
</p>
<p>
  14 If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and his
  breath;
</p>
<p>15 All flesh shall perish together, and man shall turn again unto dust.</p>
<p>
  16 If now thou hast understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my
  words.
</p>
<p>
  17 Shall even he that hateth right govern? and wilt thou condemn him that is
  most just?
</p>
<p>
  18 Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked? and to princes, Ye are
  ungodly?
</p>
<p>
  19 How much less to him that accepteth not the persons of princes, nor
  regardeth the rich more than the poor? for they all are the work of his hands.
</p>
<p>
  20 In a moment shall they die, and the people shall be troubled at midnight,
  and pass away: and the mighty shall be taken away without hand.
</p>
<p>21 For his eyes are upon the ways of man, and he seeth all his goings.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  22 There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity
  may hide themselves.
</p>
<p>
  23 For he will not lay upon man more than right; that he should enter into
  judgment with God.
</p>
<p>
  24 He shall break in pieces mighty men without number, and set others in their
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  25 Therefore he knoweth their works, and he overturneth them in the night, so
  that they are destroyed.
</p>
<p>26 He striketh them as wicked men in the open sight of others;</p>
<p>
  27 Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:
</p>
<p>
  28 So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the
  cry of the afflicted.
</p>
<p>
  29 When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hideth his
  face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation, or against
  a man only:
</p>
<p>30 That the hypocrite reign not, lest the people be ensnared.</p>
<p>
  31 Surely it is meet to be said unto God, I have borne chastisement, I will
  not offend any more:
</p>
<p>
  32 That which I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no
  more.
</p>
<p>
  33 Should it be according to thy mind? he will recompense it, whether thou
  refuse, or whether thou choose; and not I: therefore speak what thou knowest.
</p>
<p>34 Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me.</p>
<p>35 Job hath spoken without knowledge, and his words were without wisdom.</p>
<p>
  36 My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for
  wicked men.
</p>
<p>
  37 For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and
  multiplieth his words against God.
</p>
