---
title: Job 36
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 36
---

<p>1 Elihu also proceeded, and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Suffer me a little, and I will shew thee that I have yet to speak on
  God&#x2019;s behalf.
</p>
<p>
  3 I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my
  Maker.
</p>
<p>
  4 For truly my words shall not be false: he that is perfect in knowledge is
  with thee.
</p>
<p>
  5 Behold, God is mighty, and despiseth not any: he is mighty in strength and
  wisdom.
</p>
<p>6 He preserveth not the life of the wicked: but giveth right to the poor.</p>
<p>
  7 He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on
  the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
</p>
<p>8 And if they be bound in fetters, and be holden in cords of affliction;</p>
<p>
  9 Then he sheweth them their work, and their transgressions that they have
  exceeded.
</p>
<p>
  10 He openeth also their ear to discipline, and commandeth that they return
  from iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  11 If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and
  their years in pleasures.
</p>
<p>
  12 But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die
  without knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  13 But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth
  them.
</p>
<p>14 They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.</p>
<p>
  15 He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in
  oppression.
</p>
<p>
  16 Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place,
  where there is no straitness; and that which should be set on thy table should
  be full of fatness.
</p>
<p>
  17 But thou hast fulfilled the judgment of the wicked: judgment and justice
  take hold on thee.
</p>
<p>
  18 Because there is wrath, beware lest he take thee away with his stroke: then
  a great ransom cannot deliver thee.
</p>
<p>
  19 Will he esteem thy riches? no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength.
</p>
<p>20 Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place.</p>
<p>
  21 Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou chosen rather than
  affliction.
</p>
<p>22 Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?</p>
<p>
  23 Who hath enjoined him his way? or who can say, Thou hast wrought iniquity?
</p>
<p>24 Remember that thou magnify his work, which men behold.</p>
<p>25 Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off.</p>
<p>
  26 Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his
  years be searched out.
</p>
<p>
  27 For he maketh small the drops of water: they pour down rain according to
  the vapour thereof:
</p>
<p>28 Which the clouds do drop and distil upon man abundantly.</p>
<p>
  29 Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his
  tabernacle?
</p>
<p>
  30 Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covereth the bottom of the sea.
</p>
<p>31 For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance.</p>
<p>
  32 With clouds he covereth the light; and commandeth it not to shine by the
  cloud that cometh betwixt.
</p>
<p>
  33 The noise thereof sheweth concerning it, the cattle also concerning the
  vapour.
</p>
