---
title: Job 37
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 37
---

<p>1 At this also my heart trembleth, and is moved out of his place.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 Hear attentively the noise of his voice, and the sound that goeth out of his
  mouth.
</p>
<p>
  3 He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of
  the earth.
</p>
<p>
  4 After it a voice roareth: he thundereth with the voice of his excellency;
  and he will not stay them when his voice is heard.
</p>
<p>
  5 God thundereth marvellously with his voice; great things doeth he, which we
  cannot comprehend.
</p>
<p>
  6 For he saith to the snow, Be thou on the earth; likewise to the small rain,
  and to the great rain of his strength.
</p>
<p>7 He sealeth up the hand of every man; that all men may know his work.</p>
<p>8 Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places.</p>
<p>9 Out of the south cometh the whirlwind: and cold out of the north.</p>
<p>
  10 By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is
  straitened.
</p>
<p>
  11 Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scattereth his bright
  cloud:
</p>
<p>
  12 And it is turned round about by his counsels: that they may do whatsoever
  he commandeth them upon the face of the world in the earth.
</p>
<p>
  13 He causeth it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for
  mercy.
</p>
<p>
  14 Hearken unto this, O Job: stand still, and consider the wondrous works of
  God.
</p>
<p>
  15 Dost thou know when God disposed them, and caused the light of his cloud to
  shine?
</p>
<p>
  16 Dost thou know the balancings of the clouds, the wondrous works of him
  which is perfect in knowledge?
</p>
<p>
  17 How thy garments are warm, when he quieteth the earth by the south wind?
</p>
<p>
  18 Hast thou with him spread out the sky, which is strong, and as a molten
  looking glass?
</p>
<p>
  19 Teach us what we shall say unto him; for we cannot order our speech by
  reason of darkness.
</p>
<p>
  20 Shall it be told him that I speak? if a man speak, surely he shall be
  swallowed up.
</p>
<p>
  21 And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind
  passeth, and cleanseth them.
</p>
<p>22 Fair weather cometh out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.</p>
<p>
  23 Touching the Almighty, we cannot find him out: he is excellent in power,
  and in judgment, and in plenty of justice: he will not afflict.
</p>
<p>
  24 Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart.
</p>
