---
title: Job 39
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 39
---

<p>
  1 Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth? or canst
  thou mark when the hinds do calve?
</p>
<p>
  2 Canst thou number the months that they fulfil? or knowest thou the time when
  they bring forth?
</p>
<p>
  3 They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their
  sorrows.
</p>
<p>
  4 Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with corn; they go forth,
  and return not unto them.
</p>
<p>
  5 Who hath sent out the wild ass free? or who hath loosed the bands of the
  wild ass?
</p>
<p>
  6 Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the barren land his dwellings.
</p>
<p>
  7 He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of
  the driver.
</p>
<p>
  8 The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every
  green thing.
</p>
<p>9 Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?</p>
<p>
  10 Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow? or will he harrow
  the valleys after thee?
</p>
<p>
  11 Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great? or wilt thou leave thy
  labour to him?
</p>
<p>
  12 Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it into
  thy barn?
</p>
<p>
  13 Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto
  the ostrich?
</p>
<p>14 Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in dust,</p>
<p>
  15 And forgetteth that the foot may crush them, or that the wild beast may
  break them.
</p>
<p>
  16 She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not hers: her
  labour is in vain without fear;
</p>
<p>
  17 Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her
  understanding.
</p>
<p>
  18 What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his
  rider.
</p>
<p>
  19 Hast thou given the horse strength? hast thou clothed his neck with
  thunder?
</p>
<p>
  20 Canst thou make him afraid as a grasshopper? the glory of his nostrils is
  terrible.
</p>
<p>
  21 He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet
  the armed men.
</p>
<p>
  22 He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the
  sword.
</p>
<p>23 The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield.</p>
<p>
  24 He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he
  that it is the sound of the trumpet.
</p>
<p>
  25 He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off,
  the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.
</p>
<p>
  26 Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south?
</p>
<p>27 Doth the eagle mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high?</p>
<p>
  28 She dwelleth and abideth on the rock, upon the crag of the rock, and the
  strong place.
</p>
<p>29 From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.</p>
<p>
  30 Her young ones also suck up blood: and where the slain are, there is she.
</p>
