---
title: Job 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:25 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,</p>
<p>
  2 If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but who can withhold
  himself from speaking?
</p>
<p>
  3 Behold, thou hast instructed many, and thou hast strengthened the weak
  hands.
</p>
<p>
  4 Thy words have upholden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the
  feeble knees.
</p>
<p>
  5 But now it is come upon thee, and thou faintest; it toucheth thee, and thou
  art troubled.
</p>
<p>
  6 Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy
  ways?
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the
  righteous cut off?
</p>
<p>
  8 Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the
  same.
</p>
<p>
  9 By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they
  consumed.
</p>
<p>
  10 The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of
  the young lions, are broken.
</p>
<p>
  11 The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion&#x2019;s whelps
  are scattered abroad.
</p>
<p>
  12 Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little
  thereof.
</p>
<p>
  13 In thoughts from the visions of the night, when deep sleep falleth on men,
</p>
<p>14 Fear came upon me, and trembling, which made all my bones to shake.</p>
<p>15 Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up:</p>
<p>
  16 It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof: an image was
  before mine eyes, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying,
</p>
<p>
  17 Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his
  maker?
</p>
<p>
  18 Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his angels he charged with
  folly:
</p>
<p>
  19 How much less in them that dwell in houses of clay, whose foundation is in
  the dust, which are crushed before the moth?
</p>
<p>
  20 They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without
  any regarding it.
</p>
<p>
  21 Doth not their excellency which is in them go away? they die, even without
  wisdom.
</p>
