---
title: Job 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:28 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>1 But Job answered and said,</p>
<p>
  2 Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the
  balances together!
</p>
<p>
  3 For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are
  swallowed up.
</p>
<p>
  4 For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinketh up
  my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me.
</p>
<p>
  5 Doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass? or loweth the ox over his fodder?
</p>
<p>
  6 Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt? or is there any taste in
  the white of an egg?
</p>
<p>7 The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.</p>
<p>
  8 Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that
  I long for!
</p>
<p>
  9 Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his
  hand, and cut me off!
</p>
<p>
  10 Then should I yet have comfort; yea, I would harden myself in sorrow: let
  him not spare; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One.
</p>
<p>
  11 What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is mine end, that I
  should prolong my life?
</p>
<p>12 Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?</p>
<p>13 Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me?</p>
<p>
  14 To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he
  forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.
</p>
<p>
  15 My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook, and as the stream of brooks
  they pass away;
</p>
<p>16 Which are blackish by reason of the ice, and wherein the snow is hid:</p>
<p>
  17 What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out
  of their place.
</p>
<p>
  18 The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.
</p>
<p>19 The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.</p>
<p>
  20 They were confounded because they had hoped; they came thither, and were
  ashamed.
</p>
<p>21 For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid.</p>
<p>22 Did I say, Bring unto me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?</p>
<p>
  23 Or, Deliver me from the enemy&#x2019;s hand? or, Redeem me from the hand of
  the mighty?
</p>
<p>
  24 Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I
  have erred.
</p>
<p>25 How forcible are right words! but what doth your arguing reprove?</p>
<p>
  26 Do ye imagine to reprove words, and the speeches of one that is desperate,
  which are as wind?
</p>
<p>27 Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend.</p>
<p>
  28 Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I
  lie.
</p>
<p>
  29 Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my
  righteousness is in it.
</p>
<p>
  30 Is there iniquity in my tongue? cannot my taste discern perverse things?
</p>
