---
title: Romans 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for
  wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest
  doest the same things.
</p>
<p>
  2 But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them
  which commit such things.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and
  doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?
</p>
<p>
  4 Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and
  longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to
  repentance?
</p>
<p>
  5 But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath
  against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
</p>
<p>6 Who will render to every man according to his deeds:</p>
<p>
  7 To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour
  and immortality, eternal life:
</p>
<p>
  8 But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey
  unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,
</p>
<p>
  9 Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew
  first, and also of the Gentile;
</p>
<p>
  10 But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew
  first, and also to the Gentile:
</p>
<p>11 For there is no respect of persons with God.</p>
<p>
  12 For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and
  as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
</p>
<p>
  13 (For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the
  law shall be justified.
</p>
<p>
  14 For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things
  contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
</p>
<p>
  15 Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience
  also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else
  excusing one another;)
</p>
<p>
  16 In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ
  according to my gospel.
</p>
<p>
  17 Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast
  of God,
</p>
<p>
  18 And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent,
  being instructed out of the law;
</p>
<p>
  19 And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of
  them which are in darkness,
</p>
<p>
  20 An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of
  knowledge and of the truth in the law.
</p>
<p>
  21 Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that
  preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?
</p>
<p>
  22 Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit
  adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?
</p>
<p>
  23 Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law
  dishonourest thou God?
</p>
<p>
  24 For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is
  written.
</p>
<p>
  25 For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a
  breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.
</p>
<p>
  26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall
  not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?
</p>
<p>
  27 And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law,
  judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?
</p>
<p>
  28 For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision,
  which is outward in the flesh:
</p>
<p>
  29 But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the
  heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but
  of God.
</p>
