---
title: Romans 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
</p>
<p>
  2 God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?
</p>
<p>
  3 Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were
  baptized into his death?
</p>
<p>
  4 Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ
  was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should
  walk in newness of life.
</p>
<p>
  5 For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall
  be also in the likeness of his resurrection:
</p>
<p>
  6 Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin
  might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
</p>
<p>7 For he that is dead is freed from sin.</p>
<p>
  8 Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:
</p>
<p>
  9 Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no
  more dominion over him.
</p>
<p>
  10 For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he
  liveth unto God.
</p>
<p>
  11 Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive
  unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
</p>
<p>
  12 Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in
  the lusts thereof.
</p>
<p>
  13 Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin:
  but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your
  members as instruments of righteousness unto God.
</p>
<p>
  14 For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but
  under grace.
</p>
<p>
  15 What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace?
  God forbid.
</p>
<p>
  16 Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his
  servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience
  unto righteousness?
</p>
<p>
  17 But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed
  from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
</p>
<p>
  18 Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  19 I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for
  as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto
  iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto
  holiness.
</p>
<p>20 For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.</p>
<p>
  21 What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the
  end of those things is death.
</p>
<p>
  22 But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your
  fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life.
</p>
<p>
  23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through
  Jesus Christ our Lord.
</p>
