---
title: 1 Samuel 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:22 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the Lord, mine horn is
  exalted in the Lord: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice
  in thy salvation.
</p>
<p>
  2 There is none holy as the Lord: for there is none beside thee: neither is
  there any rock like our God.
</p>
<p>
  3 Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogancy come out of your mouth:
  for the Lord is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.
</p>
<p>
  4 The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded
  with strength.
</p>
<p>
  5 They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were
  hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many
  children is waxed feeble.
</p>
<p>
  6 The Lord killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and
  bringeth up.
</p>
<p>7 The Lord maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.</p>
<p>
  8 He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the
  dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of
  glory: for the pillars of the earth are the Lord&#x2019;s, and he hath set the
  world upon them.
</p>
<p>
  9 He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in
  darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.
</p>
<p>
  10 The adversaries of the Lord shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall
  he thunder upon them: the Lord shall judge the ends of the earth; and he shall
  give strength unto his king, and exalt the horn of his anointed.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Elkanah went to Ramah to his house. And the child did minister unto the
  Lord before Eli the priest.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the priests&#x2019; custom with the people was, that, when any man
  offered sacrifice, the priest&#x2019;s servant came, while the flesh was in
  seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand;
</p>
<p>
  14 And he struck it into the pan, or kettle, or caldron, or pot; all that the
  fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself. So they did in Shiloh unto
  all the Israelites that came thither.
</p>
<p>
  15 Also before they burnt the fat, the priest&#x2019;s servant came, and said
  to the man that sacrificed, Give flesh to roast for the priest; for he will
  not have sodden flesh of thee, but raw.
</p>
<p>
  16 And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently,
  and then take as much as thy soul desireth; then he would answer him, Nay; but
  thou shalt give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force.
</p>
<p>
  17 Wherefore the sin of the young men was very great before the Lord: for men
  abhorred the offering of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; But Samuel ministered before the Lord, being a child, girded with a
  linen ephod.
</p>
<p>
  19 Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year
  to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, and said, The Lord give thee
  seed of this woman for the loan which is lent to the Lord. And they went unto
  their own home.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Lord visited Hannah, so that she conceived, and bare three sons and
  two daughters. And the child Samuel grew before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Now Eli was very old, and heard all that his sons did unto all
  Israel; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the
  tabernacle of the congregation.
</p>
<p>
  23 And he said unto them, Why do ye such things? for I hear of your evil
  dealings by all this people.
</p>
<p>
  24 Nay, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: ye make the
  Lord&#x2019;s people to transgress.
</p>
<p>
  25 If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin
  against the Lord, who shall entreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened
  not unto the voice of their father, because the Lord would slay them.
</p>
<p>
  26 And the child Samuel grew on, and was in favour both with the Lord, and
  also with men.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And there came a man of God unto Eli, and said unto him, Thus saith
  the Lord, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in
  Egypt in Pharaoh&#x2019;s house?
</p>
<p>
  28 And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest, to
  offer upon mine altar, to burn incense, to wear an ephod before me? and did I
  give unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the
  children of Israel?
</p>
<p>
  29 Wherefore kick ye at my sacrifice and at mine offering, which I have
  commanded in my habitation; and honourest thy sons above me, to make
  yourselves fat with the chiefest of all the offerings of Israel my people?
</p>
<p>
  30 Wherefore the Lord God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and
  the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the Lord
  saith, Be it far from me; for them that honour me I will honour, and they that
  despise me shall be lightly esteemed.
</p>
<p>
  31 Behold, the days come, that I will cut off thine arm, and the arm of thy
  father&#x2019;s house, that there shall not be an old man in thine house.
</p>
<p>
  32 And thou shalt see an enemy in my habitation, in all the wealth which God
  shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever.
</p>
<p>
  33 And the man of thine, whom I shall not cut off from mine altar, shall be to
  consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart: and all the increase of thine
  house shall die in the flower of their age.
</p>
<p>
  34 And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on
  Hophni and Phinehas; in one day they shall die both of them.
</p>
<p>
  35 And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that
  which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and
  he shall walk before mine anointed for ever.
</p>
<p>
  36 And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall
  come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall
  say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests&#x2019; offices, that I may
  eat a piece of bread.
</p>
