---
title: 1 Samuel 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<span></span>
<p>
  1 And the child Samuel ministered unto the Lord before Eli. And the word of
  the Lord was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass at that time, when Eli was laid down in his place, and
  his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see;
</p>
<p>
  3 And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the Lord, where the ark of
  God was, and Samuel was laid down to sleep;
</p>
<p>4 That the Lord called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.</p>
<p>
  5 And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said,
  I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the Lord called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and
  said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my
  son; lie down again.
</p>
<p>
  7 Now Samuel did not yet know the Lord, neither was the word of the Lord yet
  revealed unto him.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the Lord called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to
  Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the
  Lord had called the child.
</p>
<p>
  9 Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call
  thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, Lord; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel
  went and lay down in his place.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the Lord came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel.
  Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And the Lord said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at
  which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle.
</p>
<p>
  12 In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken
  concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.
</p>
<p>
  13 For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity
  which he knoweth; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained
  them not.
</p>
<p>
  14 And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli, that the iniquity of
  Eli&#x2019;s house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house
  of the Lord. And Samuel feared to shew Eli the vision.
</p>
<p>
  16 Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he answered, Here am
  I.
</p>
<p>
  17 And he said, What is the thing that the Lord hath said unto thee? I pray
  thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any
  thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  18 And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It
  is the Lord: let him do what seemeth him good.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; And Samuel grew, and the Lord was with him, and did let none of his
  words fall to the ground.
</p>
<p>
  20 And all Israel from Dan even to Beer-sheba knew that Samuel was established
  to be a prophet of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Lord appeared again in Shiloh: for the Lord revealed himself to
  Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the Lord.
</p>
