---
title: 1 Samuel 31
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:55 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 31
---

<p>
  1 Now the Philistines fought against Israel: and the men of Israel fled from
  before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the Philistines followed hard upon Saul and upon his sons; and the
  Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchi-shua, Saul&#x2019;s sons.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was
  sore wounded of the archers.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then said Saul unto his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through
  therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through, and abuse me.
  But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. Therefore Saul took a
  sword, and fell upon it.
</p>
<p>
  5 And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise upon his
  sword, and died with him.
</p>
<p>
  6 So Saul died, and his three sons, and his armourbearer, and all his men,
  that same day together.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And when the men of Israel that were on the other side of the valley,
  and they that were on the other side Jordan, saw that the men of Israel fled,
  and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled; and
  the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the
  slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
</p>
<p>
  9 And they cut off his head, and stripped off his armour, and sent into the
  land of the Philistines round about, to publish it in the house of their
  idols, and among the people.
</p>
<p>
  10 And they put his armour in the house of Ashtaroth: and they fastened his
  body to the wall of Beth-shan.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And when the inhabitants of Jabesh-gilead heard of that which the
  Philistines had done to Saul;
</p>
<p>
  12 All the valiant men arose, and went all night, and took the body of Saul
  and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Beth-shan, and came to Jabesh, and
  burnt them there.
</p>
<p>
  13 And they took their bones, and buried them under a tree at Jabesh, and
  fasted seven days.
</p>
