---
title: 1 Samuel 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:30 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 And the men of Kirjath-jearim came, and fetched up the ark of the Lord, and
  brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his
  son to keep the ark of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass, while the ark abode in Kirjath-jearim, that the time
  was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of Israel lamented after
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, If ye do
  return unto the Lord with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and
  Ashtaroth from among you, and prepare your hearts unto the Lord, and serve him
  only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then the children of Israel did put away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served
  the Lord only.
</p>
<p>
  5 And Samuel said, Gather all Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew water, and poured it out
  before the Lord, and fasted on that day, and said there, We have sinned
  against the Lord. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in Mizpeh.
</p>
<p>
  7 And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered
  together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And
  when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the children of Israel said to Samuel, Cease not to cry unto the Lord
  our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering
  wholly unto the Lord: and Samuel cried unto the Lord for Israel; and the Lord
  heard him.
</p>
<p>
  10 And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near
  to battle against Israel: but the Lord thundered with a great thunder on that
  day upon the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before
  Israel.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  11 And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and
  smote them, until they came under Beth-car.
</p>
<p>
  12 Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called
  the name of it Eben-ezer, saying, Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the
  coast of Israel: and the hand of the Lord was against the Philistines all the
  days of Samuel.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to
  Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver
  out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and
  the Amorites.
</p>
<p>15 And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.</p>
<p>
  16 And he went from year to year in circuit to Beth-el, and Gilgal, and
  Mizpeh, and judged Israel in all those places.
</p>
<p>
  17 And his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged
  Israel; and there he built an altar unto the Lord.
</p>
