---
title: 1 Samuel 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over
  Israel.
</p>
<p>
  2 Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah:
  they were judges in Beer-sheba.
</p>
<p>
  3 And his sons walked not in his ways, but turned aside after lucre, and took
  bribes, and perverted judgment.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to
  Samuel unto Ramah,
</p>
<p>
  5 And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways:
  now make us a king to judge us like all the nations.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to
  judge us. And Samuel prayed unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the Lord said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all
  that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have
  rejected me, that I should not reign over them.
</p>
<p>
  8 According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought
  them up out of Egypt even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and
  served other gods, so do they also unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto
  them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And Samuel told all the words of the Lord unto the people that asked
  of him a king.
</p>
<p>
  11 And he said, This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you:
  He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to
  be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots.
</p>
<p>
  12 And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties;
  and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his
  instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.
</p>
<p>
  13 And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and
  to be bakers.
</p>
<p>
  14 And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even
  the best of them, and give them to his servants.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to
  his officers, and to his servants.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your
  goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.
</p>
<p>17 He will take the tenth of your sheep: and ye shall be his servants.</p>
<p>
  18 And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have
  chosen you; and the Lord will not hear you in that day.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel; and
  they said, Nay; but we will have a king over us;
</p>
<p>
  20 That we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us,
  and go out before us, and fight our battles.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the
  ears of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the Lord said to Samuel, Hearken unto their voice, and make them a
  king. And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, Go ye every man unto his city.
</p>
