---
title: Ecclesiastes 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:19 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>1 The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.</p>
<p>
  2 Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>3 What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?</p>
<p>
  4 One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth
  abideth for ever.
</p>
<p>
  5 The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where
  he arose.
</p>
<p>
  6 The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it
  whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his
  circuits.
</p>
<p>
  7 All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place
  from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
</p>
<p>
  8 All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied
  with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
</p>
<p>
  9 The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done
  is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
</p>
<p>
  10 Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been
  already of old time, which was before us.
</p>
<p>
  11 There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any
  remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
</p>
<p>12 &#xB6; I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.</p>
<p>
  13 And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things
  that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of
  man to be exercised therewith.
</p>
<p>
  14 I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is
  vanity and vexation of spirit.
</p>
<p>
  15 That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting
  cannot be numbered.
</p>
<p>
  16 I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and
  have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem:
  yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  17 And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I
  perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.
</p>
<p>
  18 For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge
  increaseth sorrow.
</p>
