---
title: Ecclesiastes 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:34 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking
  savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and
  honour.
</p>
<p>
  2 A wise man&#x2019;s heart is at his right hand; but a fool&#x2019;s heart at
  his left.
</p>
<p>
  3 Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom faileth him,
  and he saith to every one that he is a fool.
</p>
<p>
  4 If the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for
  yielding pacifieth great offences.
</p>
<p>
  5 There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, as an error which
  proceedeth from the ruler:
</p>
<p>6 Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place.</p>
<p>
  7 I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  8 He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a
  serpent shall bite him.
</p>
<p>
  9 Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that cleaveth wood
  shall be endangered thereby.
</p>
<p>
  10 If the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more
  strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct.
</p>
<p>
  11 Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no
  better.
</p>
<p>
  12 The words of a wise man&#x2019;s mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool
  will swallow up himself.
</p>
<p>
  13 The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his
  talk is mischievous madness.
</p>
<p>
  14 A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what
  shall be after him, who can tell him?
</p>
<p>
  15 The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth
  not how to go to the city.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat
  in the morning!
</p>
<p>
  17 Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy
  princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of
  the hands the house droppeth through.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry: but money
  answereth all things.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; Curse not the king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in
  thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which
  hath wings shall tell the matter.
</p>
