---
title: Ecclesiastes 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>1 Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days.</p>
<p>
  2 Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil
  shall be upon the earth.
</p>
<p>
  3 If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if
  the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the
  tree falleth, there it shall be.
</p>
<p>
  4 He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds
  shall not reap.
</p>
<p>
  5 As thou knowest not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow
  in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou knowest not the works of
  God who maketh all.
</p>
<p>
  6 In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for
  thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they
  both shall be alike good.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to
  behold the sun:
</p>
<p>
  8 But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember
  the days of darkness; for they shall be many. All that cometh is vanity.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in
  the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight
  of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee
  into judgment.
</p>
<p>
  10 Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh:
  for childhood and youth are vanity.
</p>
