---
title: Ecclesiastes 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:25 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the
  sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no
  comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had
  no comforter.
</p>
<p>
  2 Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living
  which are yet alive.
</p>
<p>
  3 Yea, better is he than both they, which hath not yet been, who hath not seen
  the evil work that is done under the sun.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this
  a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
</p>
<p>5 The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.</p>
<p>
  6 Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail
  and vexation of spirit.
</p>
<p>7 &#xB6; Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun.</p>
<p>
  8 There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child
  nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye
  satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my
  soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their
  labour.
</p>
<p>
  10 For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is
  alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.
</p>
<p>
  11 Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm
  alone?
</p>
<p>
  12 And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold
  cord is not quickly broken.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who
  will no more be admonished.
</p>
<p>
  14 For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his
  kingdom becometh poor.
</p>
<p>
  15 I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child
  that shall stand up in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  16 There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them:
  they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity
  and vexation of spirit.
</p>
