---
title: Ecclesiastes 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:29 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the
  day of one&#x2019;s birth.
</p>
<p>
  2 &#xB6; It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house
  of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his
  heart.
</p>
<p>
  3 Sorrow is better than laughter: for by the sadness of the countenance the
  heart is made better.
</p>
<p>
  4 The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning; but the heart of fools is
  in the house of mirth.
</p>
<p>
  5 It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song
  of fools.
</p>
<p>
  6 For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of the fool:
  this also is vanity.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the
  heart.
</p>
<p>
  8 Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in
  spirit is better than the proud in spirit.
</p>
<p>
  9 Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of
  fools.
</p>
<p>
  10 Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than
  these? for thou dost not inquire wisely concerning this.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to
  them that see the sun.
</p>
<p>
  12 For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence: but the excellency of
  knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have it.
</p>
<p>
  13 Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath
  made crooked?
</p>
<p>
  14 In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider:
  God also hath set the one over against the other, to the end that man should
  find nothing after him.
</p>
<p>
  15 All things have I seen in the days of my vanity: there is a just man that
  perisheth in his righteousness, and there is a wicked man that prolongeth his
  life in his wickedness.
</p>
<p>
  16 Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise: why shouldest
  thou destroy thyself?
</p>
<p>
  17 Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish: why shouldest thou die
  before thy time?
</p>
<p>
  18 It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this
  withdraw not thine hand: for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all.
</p>
<p>
  19 Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men which are in the
  city.
</p>
<p>
  20 For there is not a just man upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not.
</p>
<p>
  21 Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy
  servant curse thee:
</p>
<p>
  22 For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast
  cursed others.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was
  far from me.
</p>
<p>24 That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?</p>
<p>
  25 I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and
  the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness
  and madness:
</p>
<p>
  26 And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and
  nets, and her hands as bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but
  the sinner shall be taken by her.
</p>
<p>
  27 Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find
  out the account:
</p>
<p>
  28 Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not: one man among a thousand have I
  found; but a woman among all those have I not found.
</p>
<p>
  29 Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have
  sought out many inventions.
</p>
