---
title: 1 Timothy 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:01 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and
  Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;
</p>
<p>
  2 Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our
  Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
</p>
<p>
  3 As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia,
  that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,
</p>
<p>
  4 Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister
  questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do.
</p>
<p>
  5 Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good
  conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
</p>
<p>6 From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;</p>
<p>
  7 Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor
  whereof they affirm.
</p>
<p>8 But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;</p>
<p>
  9 Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the
  lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and
  profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,
</p>
<p>
  10 For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for
  menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing
  that is contrary to sound doctrine;
</p>
<p>
  11 According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to
  my trust.
</p>
<p>
  12 And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted
  me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
</p>
<p>
  13 Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I
  obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which
  is in Christ Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  15 This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus
  came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
</p>
<p>
  16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ
  might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should
  hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
</p>
<p>
  17 Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be
  honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
</p>
<p>
  18 This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies
  which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;
</p>
<p>
  19 Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning
  faith have made shipwreck:
</p>
<p>
  20 Of whom is Hymen&#xE6;us and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan,
  that they may learn not to blaspheme.
</p>
