---
title: 1 Timothy 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers,
  intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;
</p>
<p>
  2 For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and
  peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.
</p>
<p>3 For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;</p>
<p>
  4 Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the
  truth.
</p>
<p>
  5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ
  Jesus;
</p>
<p>6 Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.</p>
<p>
  7 Whereunto I am ordained a preacher, and an apostle, (I speak the truth in
  Christ, and lie not;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity.
</p>
<p>
  8 I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without
  wrath and doubting.
</p>
<p>
  9 In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with
  shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or
  costly array;
</p>
<p>10 But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.</p>
<p>11 Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.</p>
<p>
  12 But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but
  to be in silence.
</p>
<p>13 For Adam was first formed, then Eve.</p>
<p>
  14 And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the
  transgression.
</p>
<p>
  15 Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in
  faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
</p>
