---
title: 1 Timothy 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall
  depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of
  devils;
</p>
<p>
  2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;
</p>
<p>
  3 Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath
  created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the
  truth.
</p>
<p>
  4 For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be
  received with thanksgiving:
</p>
<p>5 For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.</p>
<p>
  6 If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a
  good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good
  doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.
</p>
<p>
  7 But refuse profane and old wives&#x2019; fables, and exercise thyself rather
  unto godliness.
</p>
<p>
  8 For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all
  things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.
</p>
<p>9 This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.</p>
<p>
  10 For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the
  living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.
</p>
<p>11 These things command and teach.</p>
<p>
  12 Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in
  word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
</p>
<p>13 Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.</p>
<p>
  14 Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy,
  with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.
</p>
<p>
  15 Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting
  may appear to all.
</p>
<p>
  16 Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in
  doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.
</p>
