---
title: 1 Timothy 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 Rebuke not an elder, but entreat him as a father; and the younger men as
  brethren;
</p>
<p>2 The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.</p>
<p>3 Honour widows that are widows indeed.</p>
<p>
  4 But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew
  piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable
  before God.
</p>
<p>
  5 Now she that is a widow indeed, and desolate, trusteth in God, and
  continueth in supplications and prayers night and day.
</p>
<p>6 But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.</p>
<p>7 And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.</p>
<p>
  8 But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own
  house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.
</p>
<p>
  9 Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having
  been the wife of one man,
</p>
<p>
  10 Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she
  have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints&#x2019; feet, if she have
  relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.
</p>
<p>
  11 But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton
  against Christ, they will marry;
</p>
<p>12 Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.</p>
<p>
  13 And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and
  not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they
  ought not.
</p>
<p>
  14 I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the
  house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.
</p>
<p>15 For some are already turned aside after Satan.</p>
<p>
  16 If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and
  let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows
  indeed.
</p>
<p>
  17 Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour,
  especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.
</p>
<p>
  18 For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the
  corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.
</p>
<p>
  19 Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three
  witnesses.
</p>
<p>20 Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  21 I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, and the elect angels,
  that thou observe these things without preferring one before another, doing
  nothing by partiality.
</p>
<p>
  22 Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men&#x2019;s
  sins: keep thyself pure.
</p>
<p>
  23 Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach&#x2019;s sake
  and thine often infirmities.
</p>
<p>
  24 Some men&#x2019;s sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and
  some men they follow after.
</p>
<p>
  25 Likewise also the good works of some are manifest beforehand; and they that
  are otherwise cannot be hid.
</p>
