---
title: Daniel 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was threescore
  cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the plain of Dura,
  in the province of Babylon.
</p>
<p>
  2 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes, the
  governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the
  sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of
  the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers,
  the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were
  gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the
  king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set
  up.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and
  languages,
</p>
<p>
  5 That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut,
  psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the
  golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:
</p>
<p>
  6 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into
  the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
</p>
<p>
  7 Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet,
  flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the
  nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that
  Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the
  Jews.
</p>
<p>9 They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.</p>
<p>
  10 Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound
  of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of
  musick, shall fall down and worship the golden image:
</p>
<p>
  11 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the
  midst of a burning fiery furnace.
</p>
<p>
  12 There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province
  of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego; these men, O king, have not
  regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which
  thou hast set up.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring
  Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego. Then they brought these men before the king.
</p>
<p>
  14 Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach,
  and Abed-nego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I
  have set up?
</p>
<p>
  15 Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet,
  flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall
  down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye
  shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who
  is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?
</p>
<p>
  16 Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, answered and said to the king, O
  Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.
</p>
<p>
  17 If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning
  fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king.
</p>
<p>
  18 But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods,
  nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was
  changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego: therefore he spake, and
  commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was
  wont to be heated.
</p>
<p>
  20 And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind
  Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, and to cast them into the burning fiery
  furnace.
</p>
<p>
  21 Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and
  their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery
  furnace.
</p>
<p>
  22 Therefore because the king&#x2019;s commandment was urgent, and the furnace
  exceeding hot, the flame of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach,
  Meshach, and Abed-nego.
</p>
<p>
  23 And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, fell down bound into
  the midst of the burning fiery furnace.
</p>
<p>
  24 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake,
  and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst
  of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king.
</p>
<p>
  25 He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the
  fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of
  God.
</p>
<p>
  26 &#xB6; Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery
  furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, ye servants of
  the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and
  Abed-nego, came forth of the midst of the fire.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king&#x2019;s
  counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the
  fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their
  coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.
</p>
<p>
  28 Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach,
  Meshach, and Abed-nego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants
  that trusted in him, and have changed the king&#x2019;s word, and yielded
  their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own
  God.
</p>
<p>
  29 Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which
  speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego,
  shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because
  there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  30 Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, in the province of
  Babylon.
</p>
