---
title: John 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>1 There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:</p>
<p>
  2 The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou
  art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest,
  except God be with him.
</p>
<p>
  3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a
  man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
</p>
<p>
  4 Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter
  the second time into his mother&#x2019;s womb, and be born?
</p>
<p>
  5 Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of
  water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
</p>
<p>
  6 That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the
  Spirit is spirit.
</p>
<p>7 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.</p>
<p>
  8 The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but
  canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is
  born of the Spirit.
</p>
<p>9 Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?</p>
<p>
  10 Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest
  not these things?
</p>
<p>
  11 Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that
  we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
</p>
<p>
  12 If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye
  believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
</p>
<p>
  13 And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven,
  even the Son of man which is in heaven.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must
  the Son of man be lifted up:
</p>
<p>
  15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that
  whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
</p>
<p>
  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the
  world through him might be saved.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not
  is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only
  begotten Son of God.
</p>
<p>
  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men
  loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.
</p>
<p>
  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the
  light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
</p>
<p>
  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made
  manifest, that they are wrought in God.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of
  Jud&#xE6;a; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; And John also was baptizing in &#xC6;non near to Salim, because
  there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.
</p>
<p>24 For John was not yet cast into prison.</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; Then there arose a question between some of John&#x2019;s disciples
  and the Jews about purifying.
</p>
<p>
  26 And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee
  beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and
  all men come to him.
</p>
<p>
  27 John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him
  from heaven.
</p>
<p>
  28 Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I
  am sent before him.
</p>
<p>
  29 He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom,
  which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the
  bridegroom&#x2019;s voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.
</p>
<p>30 He must increase, but I must decrease.</p>
<p>
  31 He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly,
  and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.
</p>
<p>
  32 And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth
  his testimony.
</p>
<p>
  33 He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.
</p>
<p>
  34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the
  Spirit by measure unto him.
</p>
<p>35 The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.</p>
<p>
  36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth
  not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
</p>
