---
title: John 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 When therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and
  baptized more disciples than John,
</p>
<p>2 (Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)</p>
<p>3 He left Jud&#xE6;a, and departed again into Galilee.</p>
<p>4 And he must needs go through Samaria.</p>
<p>
  5 Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the
  parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
</p>
<p>
  6 Now Jacob&#x2019;s well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his
  journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.
</p>
<p>
  7 There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me
  to drink.
</p>
<p>8 (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)</p>
<p>
  9 Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew,
  askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings
  with the Samaritans.
</p>
<p>
  10 Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who
  it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him,
  and he would have given thee living water.
</p>
<p>
  11 The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well
  is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?
</p>
<p>
  12 Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank
  thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
</p>
<p>
  13 Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall
  thirst again:
</p>
<p>
  14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never
  thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water
  springing up into everlasting life.
</p>
<p>
  15 The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not,
  neither come hither to draw.
</p>
<p>16 Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.</p>
<p>
  17 The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou
  hast well said, I have no husband:
</p>
<p>
  18 For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy
  husband: in that saidst thou truly.
</p>
<p>19 The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.</p>
<p>
  20 Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is
  the place where men ought to worship.
</p>
<p>
  21 Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall
  neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.
</p>
<p>
  22 Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of
  the Jews.
</p>
<p>
  23 But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship
  the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
</p>
<p>
  24 God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and
  in truth.
</p>
<p>
  25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called
  Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.
</p>
<p>26 Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with
  the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her?
</p>
<p>
  28 The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith
  to the men,
</p>
<p>
  29 Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the
  Christ?
</p>
<p>30 Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.
</p>
<p>32 But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of.</p>
<p>
  33 Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought
  to eat?
</p>
<p>
  34 Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and
  to finish his work.
</p>
<p>
  35 Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I
  say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white
  already to harvest.
</p>
<p>
  36 And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal:
  that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.
</p>
<p>37 And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth.</p>
<p>
  38 I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured,
  and ye are entered into their labours.
</p>
<p>
  39 &#xB6; And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the
  saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.
</p>
<p>
  40 So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would
  tarry with them: and he abode there two days.
</p>
<p>41 And many more believed because of his own word;</p>
<p>
  42 And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we
  have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour
  of the world.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>43 &#xB6; Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee.</p>
<p>
  44 For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own
  country.
</p>
<p>
  45 Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galil&#xE6;ans received him, having
  seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went
  unto the feast.
</p>
<p>
  46 So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And
  there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum.
</p>
<p>
  47 When he heard that Jesus was come out of Jud&#xE6;a into Galilee, he went
  unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his son: for he
  was at the point of death.
</p>
<p>
  48 Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not
  believe.
</p>
<p>49 The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die.</p>
<p>
  50 Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the
  word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way.
</p>
<p>
  51 And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying,
  Thy son liveth.
</p>
<p>
  52 Then inquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said
  unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.
</p>
<p>
  53 So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said
  unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house.
</p>
<p>
  54 This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of
  Jud&#xE6;a into Galilee.
</p>
