---
title: John 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry,
  because the Jews sought to kill him.
</p>
<p>2 Now the Jews&#x2019; feast of tabernacles was at hand.</p>
<p>
  3 His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Jud&#xE6;a,
  that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.
</p>
<p>
  4 For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh
  to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world.
</p>
<p>5 For neither did his brethren believe in him.</p>
<p>
  6 Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway
  ready.
</p>
<p>
  7 The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that
  the works thereof are evil.
</p>
<p>
  8 Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast; for my time is
  not yet full come.
</p>
<p>9 When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the
  feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.
</p>
<p>11 Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?</p>
<p>
  12 And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some
  said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.
</p>
<p>13 Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and
  taught.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never
  learned?
</p>
<p>
  16 Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent
  me.
</p>
<p>
  17 If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be
  of God, or whether I speak of myself.
</p>
<p>
  18 He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his
  glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.
</p>
<p>
  19 Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go
  ye about to kill me?
</p>
<p>
  20 The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill
  thee?
</p>
<p>
  21 Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.
</p>
<p>
  22 Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses,
  but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.
</p>
<p>
  23 If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses
  should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit
  whole on the sabbath day?
</p>
<p>24 Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.</p>
<p>
  25 Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to
  kill?
</p>
<p>
  26 But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers
  know indeed that this is the very Christ?
</p>
<p>
  27 Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man
  knoweth whence he is.
</p>
<p>
  28 Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and
  ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true,
  whom ye know not.
</p>
<p>29 But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.</p>
<p>
  30 Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his
  hour was not yet come.
</p>
<p>
  31 And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will
  he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?
</p>
<p>
  32 &#xB6; The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning
  him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.
</p>
<p>
  33 Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go
  unto him that sent me.
</p>
<p>
  34 Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot
  come.
</p>
<p>
  35 Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not
  find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the
  Gentiles?
</p>
<p>
  36 What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not
  find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come?
</p>
<p>
  37 In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried,
  saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.
</p>
<p>
  38 He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall
  flow rivers of living water.
</p>
<p>
  39 (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should
  receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet
  glorified.)
</p>
<p>
  40 &#xB6; Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of
  a truth this is the Prophet.
</p>
<p>
  41 Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of
  Galilee?
</p>
<p>
  42 Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and
  out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?
</p>
<p>43 So there was a division among the people because of him.</p>
<p>44 And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.</p>
<p>
  45 &#xB6; Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they
  said unto them, Why have ye not brought him?
</p>
<p>46 The officers answered, Never man spake like this man.</p>
<p>47 Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?</p>
<p>48 Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?</p>
<p>49 But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed.</p>
<p>
  50 Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of
  them,)
</p>
<p>
  51 Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?
</p>
<p>
  52 They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and
  look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet.
</p>
<p>53 And every man went unto his own house.</p>
