---
title: John 9
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 9
---

<p>1 And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his
  parents, that he was born blind?
</p>
<p>
  3 Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the
  works of God should be made manifest in him.
</p>
<p>
  4 I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night
  cometh, when no man can work.
</p>
<p>5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.</p>
<p>
  6 When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the
  spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,
</p>
<p>
  7 And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by
  interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he
  was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged?
</p>
<p>
  9 Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.
</p>
<p>10 Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?</p>
<p>
  11 He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed
  mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went
  and washed, and I received sight.
</p>
<p>12 Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.</p>
<p>13 &#xB6; They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.</p>
<p>
  14 And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.
</p>
<p>
  15 Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He
  said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.
</p>
<p>
  16 Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he
  keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do
  such miracles? And there was a division among them.
</p>
<p>
  17 They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath
  opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
</p>
<p>
  18 But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and
  received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his
  sight.
</p>
<p>
  19 And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind?
  how then doth he now see?
</p>
<p>
  20 His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that
  he was born blind:
</p>
<p>
  21 But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes,
  we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.
</p>
<p>
  22 These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews
  had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should
  be put out of the synagogue.
</p>
<p>23 Therefore said his parents, He is of age; ask him.</p>
<p>
  24 Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God
  the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.
</p>
<p>
  25 He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I
  know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.
</p>
<p>
  26 Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?
</p>
<p>
  27 He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore
  would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?
</p>
<p>
  28 Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are
  Moses&#x2019; disciples.
</p>
<p>
  29 We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from
  whence he is.
</p>
<p>
  30 The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that
  ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.
</p>
<p>
  31 Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of
  God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.
</p>
<p>
  32 Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one
  that was born blind.
</p>
<p>33 If this man were not of God, he could do nothing.</p>
<p>
  34 They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and
  dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.
</p>
<p>
  35 Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said
  unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?
</p>
<p>36 He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?</p>
<p>
  37 And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh
  with thee.
</p>
<p>38 And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him.</p>
<p>
  39 &#xB6; And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they
  which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.
</p>
<p>
  40 And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said
  unto him, Are we blind also?
</p>
<p>
  41 Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye
  say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth.
</p>
