---
title: 1 Peter 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey
  not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the
  wives;
</p>
<p>2 While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.</p>
<p>
  3 Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and
  of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;
</p>
<p>
  4 But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible,
  even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of
  great price.
</p>
<p>
  5 For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in
  God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:
</p>
<p>
  6 Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as
  long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.
</p>
<p>
  7 Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour
  unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the
  grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
</p>
<p>
  8 Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as
  brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:
</p>
<p>
  9 Not rendering evil for evil, or railing for railing: but contrariwise
  blessing; knowing that ye are thereunto called, that ye should inherit a
  blessing.
</p>
<p>
  10 For he that will love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue
  from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>11 Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.</p>
<p>
  12 For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto
  their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil.
</p>
<p>
  13 And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good?
</p>
<p>
  14 But and if ye suffer for righteousness&#x2019; sake, happy are ye: and be
  not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled;
</p>
<p>
  15 But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an
  answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with
  meekness and fear:
</p>
<p>
  16 Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of
  evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in
  Christ.
</p>
<p>
  17 For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing,
  than for evil doing.
</p>
<p>
  18 For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that
  he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by
  the Spirit:
</p>
<p>19 By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison;</p>
<p>
  20 Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited
  in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is,
  eight souls were saved by water.
</p>
<p>
  21 The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the
  putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience
  toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:
</p>
<p>
  22 Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and
  authorities and powers being made subject unto him.
</p>
