---
title: 1 Peter 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness
  of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be
  revealed:
</p>
<p>
  2 Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not
  by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;
</p>
<p>
  3 Neither as being lords over God&#x2019;s heritage, but being ensamples to
  the flock.
</p>
<p>
  4 And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory
  that fadeth not away.
</p>
<p>
  5 Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be
  subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the
  proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
</p>
<p>
  6 Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt
  you in due time:
</p>
<p>7 Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.</p>
<p>
  8 Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion,
  walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:
</p>
<p>
  9 Whom resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are
  accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.
</p>
<p>
  10 But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by
  Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish,
  strengthen, settle you.
</p>
<p>11 To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.</p>
<p>
  12 By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written
  briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein
  ye stand.
</p>
<p>
  13 The church that is at Babylon, elected together with you, saluteth you; and
  so doth Marcus my son.
</p>
<p>
  14 Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are
  in Christ Jesus. Amen.
</p>
