---
title: Luke 19
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 19
---

<p>1 And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.</p>
<p>
  2 And, behold, there was a man named Zacch&#xE6;us, which was the chief among
  the publicans, and he was rich.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because
  he was little of stature.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he
  was to pass that way.
</p>
<p>
  5 And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up, and saw him, and said unto
  him, Zacch&#xE6;us, make haste, and come down; for to day I must abide at thy
  house.
</p>
<p>6 And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.</p>
<p>
  7 And when they saw it, they all murmured, saying, That he was gone to be
  guest with a man that is a sinner.
</p>
<p>
  8 And Zacch&#xE6;us stood, and said unto the Lord; Behold, Lord, the half of
  my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by
  false accusation, I restore him fourfold.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch
  as he also is a son of Abraham.
</p>
<p>10 For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.</p>
<p>
  11 And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he
  was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should
  immediately appear.
</p>
<p>
  12 He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive
  for himself a kingdom, and to return.
</p>
<p>
  13 And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said
  unto them, Occupy till I come.
</p>
<p>
  14 But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will
  not have this man to reign over us.
</p>
<p>
  15 And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the
  kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he
  had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by
  trading.
</p>
<p>16 Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.</p>
<p>
  17 And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast been
  faithful in a very little, have thou authority over ten cities.
</p>
<p>18 And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.</p>
<p>19 And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.</p>
<p>
  20 And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have
  kept laid up in a napkin:
</p>
<p>
  21 For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that
  thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.
</p>
<p>
  22 And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou
  wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid
  not down, and reaping that I did not sow:
</p>
<p>
  23 Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I
  might have required mine own with usury?
</p>
<p>
  24 And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it
  to him that hath ten pounds.
</p>
<p>25 (And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)</p>
<p>
  26 For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from
  him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.
</p>
<p>
  27 But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them,
  bring hither, and slay them before me.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to
  Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  29 And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany, at the
  mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,
</p>
<p>
  30 Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your
  entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and
  bring him hither.
</p>
<p>
  31 And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him,
  Because the Lord hath need of him.
</p>
<p>
  32 And they that were sent went their way, and found even as he had said unto
  them.
</p>
<p>
  33 And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why
  loose ye the colt?
</p>
<p>34 And they said, The Lord hath need of him.</p>
<p>
  35 And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt,
  and they set Jesus thereon.
</p>
<p>36 And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.</p>
<p>
  37 And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the mount of Olives,
  the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a
  loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen;
</p>
<p>
  38 Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in
  heaven, and glory in the highest.
</p>
<p>
  39 And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master,
  rebuke thy disciples.
</p>
<p>
  40 And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold
  their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.
</p>
<p>
  41 &#xB6; And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
</p>
<p>
  42 Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the
  things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
</p>
<p>
  43 For the days shall come upon thee, that thine enemies shall cast a trench
  about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side,
</p>
<p>
  44 And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and
  they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not
  the time of thy visitation.
</p>
<p>
  45 And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein,
  and them that bought;
</p>
<p>
  46 Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye
  have made it a den of thieves.
</p>
<p>
  47 And he taught daily in the temple. But the chief priests and the scribes
  and the chief of the people sought to destroy him,
</p>
<p>
  48 And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very
  attentive to hear him.
</p>
