---
title: 2 Thessalonians 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free
  course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:
</p>
<p>
  2 And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men
  have not faith.
</p>
<p>
  3 But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil.
</p>
<p>
  4 And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do
  the things which we command you.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient
  waiting for Christ.
</p>
<p>
  6 Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye
  withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after
  the tradition which he received of us.
</p>
<p>
  7 For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves
  disorderly among you;
</p>
<p>
  8 Neither did we eat any man&#x2019;s bread for nought; but wrought with
  labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of
  you:
</p>
<p>
  9 Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to
  follow us.
</p>
<p>
  10 For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would
  not work, neither should he eat.
</p>
<p>
  11 For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working
  not at all, but are busybodies.
</p>
<p>
  12 Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that
  with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.
</p>
<p>13 But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing.</p>
<p>
  14 And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have
  no company with him, that he may be ashamed.
</p>
<p>15 Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.</p>
<p>
  16 Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord
  be with you all.
</p>
<p>
  17 The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every
  epistle: so I write.
</p>
<p>18 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>
    &#xB6; The second epistle to the Thessalonians was written from Athens.*
  </p>
</div>
