---
title: Acts 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:07 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>
  1 And the apostles and brethren that were in Jud&#xE6;a heard that the
  Gentiles had also received the word of God.
</p>
<p>
  2 And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision
  contended with him,
</p>
<p>3 Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them.</p>
<p>
  4 But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order
  unto them, saying,
</p>
<p>
  5 I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A
  certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by
  four corners; and it came even to me:
</p>
<p>
  6 Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw
  fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and
  fowls of the air.
</p>
<p>7 And I heard a voice saying unto me, Arise, Peter; slay and eat.</p>
<p>
  8 But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time
  entered into my mouth.
</p>
<p>
  9 But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that
  call not thou common.
</p>
<p>
  10 And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.
</p>
<p>
  11 And, behold, immediately there were three men already come unto the house
  where I was, sent from C&#xE6;sarea unto me.
</p>
<p>
  12 And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six
  brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man&#x2019;s house:
</p>
<p>
  13 And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and
  said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;
</p>
<p>
  14 Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.
</p>
<p>
  15 And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the
  beginning.
</p>
<p>
  16 Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John indeed
  baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  17 Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who
  believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?
</p>
<p>
  18 When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God,
  saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose
  about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching
  the word to none but unto the Jews only.
</p>
<p>
  20 And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come
  to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the Lord Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and
  turned unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which
  was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as
  Antioch.
</p>
<p>
  23 Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted
  them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  24 For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much
  people was added unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>25 Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:</p>
<p>
  26 And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to
  pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught
  much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.
</p>
<p>27 &#xB6; And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.</p>
<p>
  28 And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit
  that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass
  in the days of Claudius C&#xE6;sar.
</p>
<p>
  29 Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send
  relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Jud&#xE6;a:
</p>
<p>
  30 Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and
  Saul.
</p>
