---
title: Acts 23
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:11 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 23
---

<p>
  1 And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have
  lived in all good conscience before God until this day.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on
  the mouth.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest
  thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to
  the law?
</p>
<p>4 And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God&#x2019;s high priest?</p>
<p>
  5 Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is
  written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people.
</p>
<p>
  6 But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other
  Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the
  son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in
  question.
</p>
<p>
  7 And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and
  the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.
</p>
<p>
  8 For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor
  spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.
</p>
<p>
  9 And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that were of the
  Pharisees&#x2019; part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man:
  but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God.
</p>
<p>
  10 And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest
  Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go
  down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the
  castle.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer,
  Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness
  also at Rome.
</p>
<p>
  12 And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound
  themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till
  they had killed Paul.
</p>
<p>13 And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.</p>
<p>
  14 And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound
  ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain
  Paul.
</p>
<p>
  15 Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he
  bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would inquire something more
  perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.
</p>
<p>
  16 And when Paul&#x2019;s sister&#x2019;s son heard of their lying in wait, he
  went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.
</p>
<p>
  17 Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young
  man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.
</p>
<p>
  18 So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the
  prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee,
  who hath something to say unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went with him aside
  privately, and asked him, What is that thou hast to tell me?
</p>
<p>
  20 And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring
  down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would inquire somewhat of
  him more perfectly.
</p>
<p>
  21 But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more
  than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will
  neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready,
  looking for a promise from thee.
</p>
<p>
  22 So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See
  thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me.
</p>
<p>
  23 And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred
  soldiers to go to C&#xE6;sarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen
  two hundred, at the third hour of the night;
</p>
<p>
  24 And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto
  Felix the governor.
</p>
<p>25 And he wrote a letter after this manner:</p>
<p>
  26 Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.
</p>
<p>
  27 This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then
  came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.
</p>
<p>
  28 And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought
  him forth into their council:
</p>
<p>
  29 Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have
  nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.
</p>
<p>
  30 And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent
  straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before
  thee what they had against him. Farewell.
</p>
<p>
  31 Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by
  night to Antipatris.
</p>
<p>
  32 On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the
  castle:
</p>
<p>
  33 Who, when they came to C&#xE6;sarea, and delivered the epistle to the
  governor, presented Paul also before him.
</p>
<p>
  34 And when the governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he
  was. And when he understood that he was of Cilicia;
</p>
<p>
  35 I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he
  commanded him to be kept in Herod&#x2019;s judgment hall.
</p>
