---
title: Acts 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great
  persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all
  scattered abroad throughout the regions of Jud&#xE6;a and Samaria, except the
  apostles.
</p>
<p>
  2 And devout men carried Stephen to his burial, and made great lamentation
  over him.
</p>
<p>
  3 As for Saul, he made havoc of the church, entering into every house, and
  haling men and women committed them to prison.
</p>
<p>
  4 Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the
  word.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip
  spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.
</p>
<p>
  7 For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were
  possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were
  healed.
</p>
<p>8 And there was great joy in that city.</p>
<p>
  9 But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city
  used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was
  some great one:
</p>
<p>
  10 To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This
  man is the great power of God.
</p>
<p>
  11 And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them
  with sorceries.
</p>
<p>
  12 But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom
  of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.
</p>
<p>
  13 Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued
  with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done.
</p>
<p>
  14 Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had
  received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:
</p>
<p>
  15 Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the
  Holy Ghost:
</p>
<p>
  16 (For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the
  name of the Lord Jesus.)
</p>
<p>17 Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.</p>
<p>
  18 And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles&#x2019; hands the
  Holy Ghost was given, he offered them money,
</p>
<p>
  19 Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may
  receive the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  20 But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast
  thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.
</p>
<p>
  21 Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right
  in the sight of God.
</p>
<p>
  22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the
  thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.
</p>
<p>
  23 For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of
  iniquity.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  24 Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the Lord for me, that none of
  these things which ye have spoken come upon me.
</p>
<p>
  25 And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord,
  returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the
  Samaritans.
</p>
<p>
  26 And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward
  the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is
  desert.
</p>
<p>
  27 And he arose and went: and, behold, a man of Ethiopia, an eunuch of great
  authority under Candace queen of the Ethiopians, who had the charge of all her
  treasure, and had come to Jerusalem for to worship,
</p>
<p>28 Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.</p>
<p>
  29 Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this
  chariot.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and
  said, Understandest thou what thou readest?
</p>
<p>
  31 And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired
  Philip that he would come up and sit with him.
</p>
<p>
  32 The place of the scripture which he read was this, He was led as a sheep to
  the slaughter; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer, so opened he not his
  mouth:
</p>
<p>
  33 In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his
  generation? for his life is taken from the earth.
</p>
<p>
  34 And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the
  prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?
</p>
<p>
  35 Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached
  unto him Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  36 And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the
  eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?
</p>
<p>
  37 And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And
  he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
</p>
<p>
  38 And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into
  the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
</p>
<p>
  39 And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught
  away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way
  rejoicing.
</p>
<p>
  40 But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the
  cities, till he came to C&#xE6;sarea.
</p>
