---
title: 2 Peter 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:01 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have
  obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our
  Saviour Jesus Christ:
</p>
<p>
  2 Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of
  Jesus our Lord,
</p>
<p>
  3 According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain
  unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to
  glory and virtue:
</p>
<p>
  4 Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by
  these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the
  corruption that is in the world through lust.
</p>
<p>
  5 And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to
  virtue knowledge;
</p>
<p>
  6 And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience
  godliness;
</p>
<p>7 And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.</p>
<p>
  8 For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall
  neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
</p>
<p>
  9 But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath
  forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.
</p>
<p>
  10 Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and
  election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:
</p>
<p>
  11 For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the
  everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
</p>
<p>
  12 Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these
  things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth.
</p>
<p>
  13 Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by
  putting you in remembrance;
</p>
<p>
  14 Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord
  Jesus Christ hath shewed me.
</p>
<p>
  15 Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have
  these things always in remembrance.
</p>
<p>
  16 For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto
  you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of
  his majesty.
</p>
<p>
  17 For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such
  a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am
  well pleased.
</p>
<p>
  18 And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in
  the holy mount.
</p>
<p>
  19 We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye
  take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn,
  and the day star arise in your hearts:
</p>
<p>
  20 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private
  interpretation.
</p>
<p>
  21 For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of
  God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.
</p>
