---
title: Hosea 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:19 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 The word of the Lord that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of
  Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of
  Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  2 The beginning of the word of the Lord by Hosea. And the Lord said to Hosea,
  Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land
  hath committed great whoredom, departing from the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  3 So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare
  him a son.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the Lord said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while,
  and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause
  to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  5 And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel
  in the valley of Jezreel.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him,
  Call her name Lo-ruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of
  Israel; but I will utterly take them away.
</p>
<p>
  7 But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the
  Lord their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by
  horses, nor by horsemen.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Now when she had weaned Lo-ruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.
</p>
<p>
  9 Then said God, Call his name Lo-ammi: for ye are not my people, and I will
  not be your God.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the
  sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in
  the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people, there it shall be
  said unto them, Ye are the sons of the living God.
</p>
<p>
  11 Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered
  together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the
  land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.
</p>
