---
title: Hosea 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to
  the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the
  goodness of his land they have made goodly images.
</p>
<p>
  2 Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down
  their altars, he shall spoil their images.
</p>
<p>
  3 For now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not the Lord;
  what then should a king do to us?
</p>
<p>
  4 They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment
  springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.
</p>
<p>
  5 The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Beth-aven:
  for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that
  rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it.
</p>
<p>
  6 It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim
  shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.
</p>
<p>7 As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water.</p>
<p>
  8 The high places also of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the
  thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the
  mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.
</p>
<p>
  9 O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they stood: the
  battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.
</p>
<p>
  10 It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be
  gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the
  corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah
  shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow
  ground: for it is time to seek the Lord, till he come and rain righteousness
  upon you.
</p>
<p>
  13 Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit
  of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty
  men.
</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses
  shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Beth-arbel in the day of battle: the
  mother was dashed in pieces upon her children.
</p>
<p>
  15 So shall Beth-el do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning
  shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.
</p>
