---
title: Hosea 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>
  1 When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  2 As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim,
  and burned incense to graven images.
</p>
<p>
  3 I taught Ephraim also to go, taking them by their arms; but they knew not
  that I healed them.
</p>
<p>
  4 I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love: and I was to them as
  they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; He shall not return into the land of Egypt, but the Assyrian shall be
  his king, because they refused to return.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and
  devour them, because of their own counsels.
</p>
<p>
  7 And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to
  the most High, none at all would exalt him.
</p>
<p>
  8 How shall I give thee up, Ephraim? how shall I deliver thee, Israel? how
  shall I make thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine heart is
  turned within me, my repentings are kindled together.
</p>
<p>
  9 I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to
  destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee:
  and I will not enter into the city.
</p>
<p>
  10 They shall walk after the Lord: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall
  roar, then the children shall tremble from the west.
</p>
<p>
  11 They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of
  Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  12 Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit:
  but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints.
</p>
