---
title: Hosea 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 Set the trumpet to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of
  the Lord, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against
  my law.
</p>
<p>2 Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee.</p>
<p>
  3 Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him.
</p>
<p>
  4 They have set up kings, but not by me: they have made princes, and I knew it
  not: of their silver and their gold have they made them idols, that they may
  be cut off.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine anger is kindled
  against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency?
</p>
<p>
  6 For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God:
  but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces.
</p>
<p>
  7 For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no
  stalk: the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall
  swallow it up.
</p>
<p>
  8 Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel
  wherein is no pleasure.
</p>
<p>
  9 For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath
  hired lovers.
</p>
<p>
  10 Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and
  they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.
</p>
<p>
  11 Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to
  sin.
</p>
<p>
  12 I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as
  a strange thing.
</p>
<p>
  13 They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but
  the Lord accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquity, and visit
  their sins: they shall return to Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  14 For Israel hath forgotten his Maker, and buildeth temples; and Judah hath
  multiplied fenced cities: but I will send a fire upon his cities, and it shall
  devour the palaces thereof.
</p>
