---
title: Judges 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Now these are the nations which the Lord left, to prove Israel by them, even
  as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;
</p>
<p>
  2 Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know, to teach
  them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof;
</p>
<p>
  3 Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the
  Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baal-hermon
  unto the entering in of Hamath.
</p>
<p>
  4 And they were to prove Israel by them, to know whether they would hearken
  unto the commandments of the Lord, which he commanded their fathers by the
  hand of Moses.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and
  Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:
</p>
<p>
  6 And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to
  their sons, and served their gods.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord, and forgat the
  Lord their God, and served Baalim and the groves.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Therefore the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel, and he sold
  them into the hand of Chushan-rishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children
  of Israel served Chushan-rishathaim eight years.
</p>
<p>
  9 And when the children of Israel cried unto the Lord, the Lord raised up a
  deliverer to the children of Israel, who delivered them, even Othniel the son
  of Kenaz, Caleb&#x2019;s younger brother.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the Spirit of the Lord came upon him, and he judged Israel, and went
  out to war: and the Lord delivered Chushan-rishathaim king of Mesopotamia into
  his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushan-rishathaim.
</p>
<p>11 And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel the son of Kenaz died.</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the Lord:
  and the Lord strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they
  had done evil in the sight of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  13 And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek, and went and
  smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees.
</p>
<p>
  14 So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years.
</p>
<p>
  15 But when the children of Israel cried unto the Lord, the Lord raised them
  up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by
  him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the king of Moab.
</p>
<p>
  16 But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he
  did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.
</p>
<p>
  17 And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very
  fat man.
</p>
<p>
  18 And when he had made an end to offer the present, he sent away the people
  that bare the present.
</p>
<p>
  19 But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and
  said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And
  all that stood by him went out from him.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlour, which he
  had for himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from God unto thee. And
  he arose out of his seat.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his right thigh,
  and thrust it into his belly:
</p>
<p>
  22 And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the
  blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly; and the dirt
  came out.
</p>
<p>
  23 Then Ehud went forth through the porch, and shut the doors of the parlour
  upon him, and locked them.
</p>
<p>
  24 When he was gone out, his servants came; and when they saw that, behold,
  the doors of the parlour were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet
  in his summer chamber.
</p>
<p>
  25 And they tarried till they were ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the
  doors of the parlour; therefore they took a key, and opened them: and, behold,
  their lord was fallen down dead on the earth.
</p>
<p>
  26 And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and
  escaped unto Seirath.
</p>
<p>
  27 And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the
  mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the
  mount, and he before them.
</p>
<p>
  28 And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the Lord hath delivered your
  enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took
  the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass over.
</p>
<p>
  29 And they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and
  all men of valour; and there escaped not a man.
</p>
<p>
  30 So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of Israel. And the land had
  rest fourscore years.
</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the
  Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.
</p>
