---
title: Judges 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:31 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, and all the people that were with him, rose
  up early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of the
  Midianites were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the
  valley.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the Lord said unto Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many
  for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves
  against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me.
</p>
<p>
  3 Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever
  is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from mount Gilead. And
  there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and there remained ten
  thousand.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the Lord said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring them down
  unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of
  whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee;
  and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall
  not go.
</p>
<p>
  5 So he brought down the people unto the water: and the Lord said unto Gideon,
  Every one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him
  shalt thou set by himself; likewise every one that boweth down upon his knees
  to drink.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were
  three hundred men: but all the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees
  to drink water.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the Lord said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I
  save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other
  people go every man unto his place.
</p>
<p>
  8 So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent
  all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three
  hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And it came to pass the same night, that the Lord said unto him,
  Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have delivered it into thine hand.
</p>
<p>
  10 But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the
  host:
</p>
<p>
  11 And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be
  strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his
  servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host.
</p>
<p>
  12 And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay
  along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were
  without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.
</p>
<p>
  13 And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto
  his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley
  bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and smote it that
  it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along.
</p>
<p>
  14 And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the sword of
  Gideon the son of Joash, a man of Israel: for into his hand hath God delivered
  Midian, and all the host.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And it was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the
  interpretation thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the host of
  Israel, and said, Arise; for the Lord hath delivered into your hand the host
  of Midian.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a
  trumpet in every man&#x2019;s hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the
  pitchers.
</p>
<p>
  17 And he said unto them, Look on me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I
  come to the outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do.
</p>
<p>
  18 When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the
  trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the Lord,
  and of Gideon.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came unto the
  outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but
  newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers that
  were in their hands.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the three companies blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers, and held
  the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their right hands to blow
  withal: and they cried, The sword of the Lord, and of Gideon.
</p>
<p>
  21 And they stood every man in his place round about the camp: and all the
  host ran, and cried, and fled.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the Lord set every
  man&#x2019;s sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the
  host fled to Beth-shittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abel-meholah, unto
  Tabbath.
</p>
<p>
  23 And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out
  of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And Gideon sent messengers throughout all mount Ephraim, saying,
  Come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters unto
  Beth-barah and Jordan. Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves
  together, and took the waters unto Beth-barah and Jordan.
</p>
<p>
  25 And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew
  Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and
  pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other
  side Jordan.
</p>
