---
title: Judges 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 And the men of Ephraim said unto him, Why hast thou served us thus, that
  thou calledst us not, when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites? And they
  did chide with him sharply.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the
  gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abi-ezer?
</p>
<p>
  3 God hath delivered into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb: and
  what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their anger was abated toward
  him, when he had said that.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the three hundred
  men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.
</p>
<p>
  5 And he said unto the men of Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto
  the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah
  and Zalmunna, kings of Midian.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And the princes of Succoth said, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna
  now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thine army?
</p>
<p>
  7 And Gideon said, Therefore when the Lord hath delivered Zebah and Zalmunna
  into mine hand, then I will tear your flesh with the thorns of the wilderness
  and with briers.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And he went up thence to Penuel, and spake unto them likewise: and
  the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in
  peace, I will break down this tower.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them,
  about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the
  children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that
  drew sword.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the
  east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host: for the host was secure.
</p>
<p>
  12 And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two
  kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the sun was
  up,
</p>
<p>
  14 And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he
  described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even
  threescore and seventeen men.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna,
  with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now
  in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary?
</p>
<p>
  16 And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and
  briers, and with them he taught the men of Succoth.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>17 And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew the men of the city.</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna, What manner of men were they
  whom ye slew at Tabor? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one
  resembled the children of a king.
</p>
<p>
  19 And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the Lord
  liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.
</p>
<p>
  20 And he said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth
  drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth.
</p>
<p>
  21 Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise thou, and fall upon us: for as the man
  is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and
  took away the ornaments that were on their camels&#x2019; necks.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Then the men of Israel said unto Gideon, Rule thou over us, both
  thou, and thy son, and thy son&#x2019;s son also: for thou hast delivered us
  from the hand of Midian.
</p>
<p>
  23 And Gideon said unto them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son
  rule over you: the Lord shall rule over you.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye
  would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden
  earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)
</p>
<p>
  25 And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment,
  and did cast therein every man the earrings of his prey.
</p>
<p>
  26 And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and
  seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple
  raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about
  their camels&#x2019; necks.
</p>
<p>
  27 And Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah:
  and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare
  unto Gideon, and to his house.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so that they
  lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in
  the days of Gideon.
</p>
<p>29 &#xB6; And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house.</p>
<p>
  30 And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had
  many wives.
</p>
<p>
  31 And his concubine that was in Shechem, she also bare him a son, whose name
  he called Abimelech.
</p>
<p>
  32 &#xB6; And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried
  in the sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abi-ezrites.
</p>
<p>
  33 And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of
  Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baal-berith
  their god.
</p>
<p>
  34 And the children of Israel remembered not the Lord their God, who had
  delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:
</p>
<p>
  35 Neither shewed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal, namely, Gideon,
  according to all the goodness which he had shewed unto Israel.
</p>
