---
title: Exodus 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord said unto Moses, Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh,
  and upon Egypt; afterwards he will let you go hence: when he shall let you go,
  he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether.
</p>
<p>
  2 Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his
  neighbour, and every woman of her neighbour, jewels of silver, and jewels of
  gold.
</p>
<p>
  3 And the Lord gave the people favour in the sight of the Egyptians. Moreover
  the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt, in the sight of
  Pharaoh&#x2019;s servants, and in the sight of the people.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Moses said, Thus saith the Lord, About midnight will I go out into the
  midst of Egypt:
</p>
<p>
  5 And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the firstborn of
  Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the
  maidservant that is behind the mill; and all the firstborn of beasts.
</p>
<p>
  6 And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as
  there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more.
</p>
<p>
  7 But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue,
  against man or beast: that ye may know how that the Lord doth put a difference
  between the Egyptians and Israel.
</p>
<p>
  8 And all these thy servants shall come down unto me, and bow down themselves
  unto me, saying, Get thee out, and all the people that follow thee: and after
  that I will go out. And he went out from Pharaoh in a great anger.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the Lord said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my
  wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the Lord
  hardened Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart, so that he would not let the children of
  Israel go out of his land.
</p>
