---
title: Exodus 13
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 13
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Sanctify unto me all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the
  children of Israel, both of man and of beast: it is mine.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came
  out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the Lord
  brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten.
</p>
<p>4 This day came ye out in the month Abib.</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And it shall be when the Lord shall bring thee into the land of the
  Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the
  Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with
  milk and honey, that thou shalt keep this service in this month.
</p>
<p>
  6 Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, and in the seventh day shall be
  a feast to the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  7 Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days; and there shall no leavened
  bread be seen with thee, neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all
  thy quarters.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And thou shalt shew thy son in that day, saying, This is done because
  of that which the Lord did unto me when I came forth out of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  9 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial
  between thine eyes, that the Lord&#x2019;s law may be in thy mouth: for with a
  strong hand hath the Lord brought thee out of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And it shall be when the Lord shall bring thee into the land of the
  Canaanites, as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee,
</p>
<p>
  12 That thou shalt set apart unto the Lord all that openeth the matrix, and
  every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast; the males shall be the
  Lord&#x2019;s.
</p>
<p>
  13 And every firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb; and if thou
  wilt not redeem it, then thou shalt break his neck: and all the firstborn of
  man among thy children shalt thou redeem.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying,
  What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the Lord
  brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:
</p>
<p>
  15 And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the Lord
  slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and
  the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the Lord all that openeth the
  matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets between
  thine eyes: for by strength of hand the Lord brought us forth out of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And it came to pass, when Pharaoh had let the people go, that God
  led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was
  near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and
  they return to Egypt:
</p>
<p>
  18 But God led the people about, through the way of the wilderness of the Red
  sea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly sworn the
  children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and ye shall carry up
  my bones away hence with you.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in
  the edge of the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them
  the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day
  and night:
</p>
<p>
  22 He took not away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by
  night, from before the people.
</p>
