---
title: Exodus 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:21 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of
  Levi.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a
  goodly child, she hid him three months.
</p>
<p>
  3 And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of
  bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein;
  and she laid it in the flags by the river&#x2019;s brink.
</p>
<p>4 And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river;
  and her maidens walked along by the river&#x2019;s side; and when she saw the
  ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.
</p>
<p>
  6 And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept.
  And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews&#x2019;
  children.
</p>
<p>
  7 Then said his sister to Pharaoh&#x2019;s daughter, Shall I go and call to
  thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?
</p>
<p>
  8 And Pharaoh&#x2019;s daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called
  the child&#x2019;s mother.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Pharaoh&#x2019;s daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse
  it for me, and I will give thee thy wages. And the woman took the child, and
  nursed it.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh&#x2019;s daughter, and
  he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew
  him out of the water.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he
  went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an
  Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren.
</p>
<p>
  12 And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man,
  he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.
</p>
<p>
  13 And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove
  together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy
  fellow?
</p>
<p>
  14 And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to
  kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely
  this thing is known.
</p>
<p>
  15 Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled
  from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by
  a well.
</p>
<p>
  16 Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water,
  and filled the troughs to water their father&#x2019;s flock.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped
  them, and watered their flock.
</p>
<p>
  18 And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are
  come so soon to day?
</p>
<p>
  19 And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds,
  and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.
</p>
<p>
  20 And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have
  left the man? call him, that he may eat bread.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his
  daughter.
</p>
<p>
  22 And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have
  been a stranger in a strange land.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died:
  and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried,
  and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage.
</p>
<p>
  24 And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham,
  with Isaac, and with Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  25 And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them.
</p>
