---
title: Exodus 31
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:56 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 31
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the
  tribe of Judah:
</p>
<p>
  3 And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in
  understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship,
</p>
<p>4 To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass,</p>
<p>
  5 And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in
  all manner of workmanship.
</p>
<p>
  6 And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the
  tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put
  wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee;
</p>
<p>
  7 The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the
  mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle,
</p>
<p>
  8 And the table and his furniture, and the pure candlestick with all his
  furniture, and the altar of incense,
</p>
<p>
  9 And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and
  his foot,
</p>
<p>
  10 And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and
  the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest&#x2019;s office,
</p>
<p>
  11 And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to
  all that I have commanded thee shall they do.
</p>
<p>12 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  13 Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye
  shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations;
  that ye may know that I am the Lord that doth sanctify you.
</p>
<p>
  14 Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore; for it is holy unto you: every one
  that defileth it shall surely be put to death: for whosoever doeth any work
  therein, that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
</p>
<p>
  15 Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy
  to the Lord: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be
  put to death.
</p>
<p>
  16 Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the
  sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant.
</p>
<p>
  17 It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six
  days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was
  refreshed.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with
  him upon mount Sinai, two tables of testimony, tables of stone, written with
  the finger of God.
</p>
