---
title: Exodus 33
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 33
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord said unto Moses, Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people
  which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I
  sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, Unto thy seed will I give
  it:
</p>
<p>
  2 And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite,
  the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
</p>
<p>
  3 Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst
  of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no
  man did put on him his ornaments.
</p>
<p>
  5 For the Lord had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye are a
  stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and
  consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know
  what to do unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the
  mount Horeb.
</p>
<p>
  7 And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off
  from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came
  to pass, that every one which sought the Lord went out unto the tabernacle of
  the congregation, which was without the camp.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the
  people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses,
  until he was gone into the tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  9 And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar
  descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lord talked with
  Moses.
</p>
<p>
  10 And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and
  all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the Lord spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his
  friend. And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of
  Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And Moses said unto the Lord, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up
  this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet
  thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my
  sight.
</p>
<p>
  13 Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now
  thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and
  consider that this nation is thy people.
</p>
<p>
  14 And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up
  hence.
</p>
<p>
  16 For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace
  in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated,
  I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast
  spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.
</p>
<p>18 And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory.</p>
<p>
  19 And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will
  proclaim the name of the Lord before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will
  be gracious, and will shew mercy on whom I will shew mercy.
</p>
<p>
  20 And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and
  live.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Lord said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand
  upon a rock:
</p>
<p>
  22 And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee
  in a clift of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:
</p>
<p>
  23 And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my
  face shall not be seen.
</p>
