---
title: Exodus 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the
  first: and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first
  tables, which thou brakest.
</p>
<p>
  2 And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai,
  and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount.
</p>
<p>
  3 And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout
  all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first; and Moses rose
  up early in the morning, and went up unto mount Sinai, as the Lord had
  commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the Lord descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and
  proclaimed the name of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the Lord passed by before him, and proclaimed, The Lord, The Lord God,
  merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,
</p>
<p>
  7 Keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin,
  and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the
  fathers upon the children, and upon the children&#x2019;s children, unto the
  third and to the fourth generation.
</p>
<p>
  8 And Moses made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O Lord, let my Lord, I
  pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our
  iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I will
  do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation:
  and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the Lord: for it
  is a terrible thing that I will do with thee.
</p>
<p>
  11 Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before
  thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and
  the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
</p>
<p>
  12 Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the
  land whither thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee:
</p>
<p>
  13 But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their
  groves:
</p>
<p>
  14 For thou shalt worship no other god: for the Lord, whose name is Jealous,
  is a jealous God:
</p>
<p>
  15 Lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a
  whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, and one call thee,
  and thou eat of his sacrifice;
</p>
<p>
  16 And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daughters go a
  whoring after their gods, and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods.
</p>
<p>17 Thou shalt make thee no molten gods.</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; The feast of unleavened bread shalt thou keep. Seven days thou shalt
  eat unleavened bread, as I commanded thee, in the time of the month Abib: for
  in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  19 All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle,
  whether ox or sheep, that is male.
</p>
<p>
  20 But the firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb: and if thou
  redeem him not, then shalt thou break his neck. All the firstborn of thy sons
  thou shalt redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; Six days thou shalt work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in
  earing time and in harvest thou shalt rest.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the firstfruits of
  wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year&#x2019;s end.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; Thrice in the year shall all your men children appear before the
  Lord God, the God of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  24 For I will cast out the nations before thee, and enlarge thy borders:
  neither shall any man desire thy land, when thou shalt go up to appear before
  the Lord thy God thrice in the year.
</p>
<p>
  25 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall
  the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning.
</p>
<p>
  26 The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of
  the Lord thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother&#x2019;s milk.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the Lord said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the tenor
  of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel.
</p>
<p>
  28 And he was there with the Lord forty days and forty nights; he did neither
  eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the
  covenant, the ten commandments.
</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the
  two tables of testimony in Moses&#x2019; hand, when he came down from the
  mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked
  with him.
</p>
<p>
  30 And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold, the skin
  of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him.
</p>
<p>
  31 And Moses called unto them; and Aaron and all the rulers of the
  congregation returned unto him: and Moses talked with them.
</p>
<p>
  32 And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave them in
  commandment all that the Lord had spoken with him in mount Sinai.
</p>
<p>33 And till Moses had done speaking with them, he put a veil on his face.</p>
<p>
  34 But when Moses went in before the Lord to speak with him, he took the veil
  off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake unto the children of Israel
  that which he was commanded.
</p>
<p>
  35 And the children of Israel saw the face of Moses, that the skin of
  Moses&#x2019; face shone: and Moses put the veil upon his face again, until he
  went in to speak with him.
</p>
