---
title: Exodus 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:31 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and
  Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet.
</p>
<p>
  2 Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak
  unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land.
</p>
<p>
  3 And I will harden Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart, and multiply my signs and my
  wonders in the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  4 But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt,
  and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the
  land of Egypt by great judgments.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the Lord, when I stretch forth mine
  hand upon Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them.
</p>
<p>6 And Moses and Aaron did as the Lord commanded them, so did they.</p>
<p>
  7 And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old,
  when they spake unto Pharaoh.
</p>
<p>8 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,</p>
<p>
  9 When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Shew a miracle for you: then thou
  shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall
  become a serpent.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the
  Lord had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his
  servants, and it became a serpent.
</p>
<p>
  11 Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians
  of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments.
</p>
<p>
  12 For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but
  Aaron&#x2019;s rod swallowed up their rods.
</p>
<p>
  13 And he hardened Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as
  the Lord had said.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart is hardened, he
  refuseth to let the people go.
</p>
<p>
  15 Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and
  thou shalt stand by the river&#x2019;s brink against he come; and the rod
  which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand.
</p>
<p>
  16 And thou shalt say unto him, The Lord God of the Hebrews hath sent me unto
  thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness: and,
  behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thus saith the Lord, In this thou shalt know that I am the Lord: behold, I
  will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the
  river, and they shall be turned to blood.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  18 And the fish that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and
  the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and
  stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon
  their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that
  they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of
  Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Moses and Aaron did so, as the Lord commanded; and he lifted up the
  rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and
  in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were
  turned to blood.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the
  Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood
  throughout all the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and
  Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the
  Lord had said.
</p>
<p>
  23 And Pharaoh turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to
  this also.
</p>
<p>
  24 And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink; for
  they could not drink of the water of the river.
</p>
<p>
  25 And seven days were fulfilled, after that the Lord had smitten the river.
</p>
