---
title: Exodus 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith
  the Lord, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
</p>
<p>
  2 And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with
  frogs:
</p>
<p>
  3 And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come
  into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the
  house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy
  kneadingtroughs:
</p>
<p>
  4 And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all
  thy servants.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine
  hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and
  cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs
  came up, and covered the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon
  the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat the Lord,
  that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let
  the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I entreat for thee,
  and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and
  thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?
</p>
<p>
  10 And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou
  mayest know that there is none like unto the Lord our God.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy
  servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only.
</p>
<p>
  12 And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried unto the Lord
  because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the Lord did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of
  the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.
</p>
<p>14 And they gathered them together upon heaps: and the land stank.</p>
<p>
  15 But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and
  hearkened not unto them; as the Lord had said.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod,
  and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the
  land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  17 And they did so; for Aaron stretched out his hand with his rod, and smote
  the dust of the earth, and it became lice in man, and in beast; all the dust
  of the land became lice throughout all the land of Egypt.
</p>
<p>
  18 And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but
  they could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, This is the finger of God: and
  Pharaoh&#x2019;s heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them; as the
  Lord had said.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and
  stand before Pharaoh; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and say unto him, Thus
  saith the Lord, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
</p>
<p>
  21 Else, if thou wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of
  flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy
  houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and
  also the ground whereon they are.
</p>
<p>
  22 And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell,
  that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am
  the Lord in the midst of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  23 And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall
  this sign be.
</p>
<p>
  24 And the Lord did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the
  house of Pharaoh, and into his servants&#x2019; houses, and into all the land
  of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye,
  sacrifice to your God in the land.
</p>
<p>
  26 And Moses said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the
  abomination of the Egyptians to the Lord our God: lo, shall we sacrifice the
  abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us?
</p>
<p>
  27 We will go three days&#x2019; journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to
  the Lord our God, as he shall command us.
</p>
<p>
  28 And Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to the Lord your
  God in the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me.
</p>
<p>
  29 And Moses said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will entreat the Lord
  that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from
  his people, to morrow: but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not
  letting the people go to sacrifice to the Lord.
</p>
<p>30 And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the Lord.</p>
<p>
  31 And the Lord did according to the word of Moses; and he removed the swarms
  of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people; there remained
  not one.
</p>
<p>
  32 And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the
  people go.
</p>
