---
title: Ezekiel 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:44 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>1 The word of the Lord came unto me again, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 What mean ye, that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel,
  saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children&#x2019;s teeth
  are set on edge?
</p>
<p>
  3 As I live, saith the Lord God, ye shall not have occasion any more to use
  this proverb in Israel.
</p>
<p>
  4 Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of
  the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.
</p>
<p>5 &#xB6; But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,</p>
<p>
  6 And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to
  the idols of the house of Israel, neither hath defiled his neighbour&#x2019;s
  wife, neither hath come near to a menstruous woman,
</p>
<p>
  7 And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the debtor his pledge, hath
  spoiled none by violence, hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered
  the naked with a garment;
</p>
<p>
  8 He that hath not given forth upon usury, neither hath taken any increase,
  that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity, hath executed true judgment
  between man and man,
</p>
<p>
  9 Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is
  just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; If he beget a son that is a robber, a shedder of blood, and that
  doeth the like to any one of these things,
</p>
<p>
  11 And that doeth not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the
  mountains, and defiled his neighbour&#x2019;s wife,
</p>
<p>
  12 Hath oppressed the poor and needy, hath spoiled by violence, hath not
  restored the pledge, and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols, hath committed
  abomination,
</p>
<p>
  13 Hath given forth upon usury, and hath taken increase: shall he then live?
  he shall not live: he hath done all these abominations; he shall surely die;
  his blood shall be upon him.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; Now, lo, if he beget a son, that seeth all his father&#x2019;s sins
  which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like,
</p>
<p>
  15 That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to
  the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his neighbour&#x2019;s
  wife,
</p>
<p>
  16 Neither hath oppressed any, hath not withholden the pledge, neither hath
  spoiled by violence, but hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered
  the naked with a garment,
</p>
<p>
  17 That hath taken off his hand from the poor, that hath not received usury
  nor increase, hath executed my judgments, hath walked in my statutes; he shall
  not die for the iniquity of his father, he shall surely live.
</p>
<p>
  18 As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by
  violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall
  die in his iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father?
  When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my
  statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live.
</p>
<p>
  20 The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of
  the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the
  righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the
  wicked shall be upon him.
</p>
<p>
  21 But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and
  keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely
  live, he shall not die.
</p>
<p>
  22 All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned
  unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live.
</p>
<p>
  23 Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord God:
  and not that he should return from his ways, and live?
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and
  committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the
  wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his righteousness that he hath done shall
  not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his sin that
  he hath sinned, in them shall he die.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; Yet ye say, The way of the Lord is not equal. Hear now, O house of
  Israel; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal?
</p>
<p>
  26 When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth
  iniquity, and dieth in them; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die.
</p>
<p>
  27 Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath
  committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul
  alive.
</p>
<p>
  28 Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that
  he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
</p>
<p>
  29 Yet saith the house of Israel, The way of the Lord is not equal. O house of
  Israel, are not my ways equal? are not your ways unequal?
</p>
<p>
  30 Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his
  ways, saith the Lord God. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your
  transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin.
</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have
  transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die,
  O house of Israel?
</p>
<p>
  32 For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord God:
  wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye.
</p>
