---
title: Ezekiel 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:21 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 And he said unto me, Son of man, stand upon thy feet, and I will speak unto
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me, and set me upon my
  feet, that I heard him that spake unto me.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he said unto me, Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a
  rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have
  transgressed against me, even unto this very day.
</p>
<p>
  4 For they are impudent children and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them;
  and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  5 And they, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear, (for they
  are a rebellious house,) yet shall know that there hath been a prophet among
  them.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of
  their words, though briers and thorns be with thee, and thou dost dwell among
  scorpions: be not afraid of their words, nor be dismayed at their looks,
  though they be a rebellious house.
</p>
<p>
  7 And thou shalt speak my words unto them, whether they will hear, or whether
  they will forbear: for they are most rebellious.
</p>
<p>
  8 But thou, son of man, hear what I say unto thee; Be not thou rebellious like
  that rebellious house: open thy mouth, and eat that I give thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent unto me; and, lo, a roll
  of a book was therein;
</p>
<p>
  10 And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and
  there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe.
</p>
