---
title: Ezekiel 29
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:55 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 29
---

<p>
  1 In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the
  word of the Lord came unto me, saying,
</p>
<p>
  2 Son of man, set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against
  him, and against all Egypt:
</p>
<p>
  3 Speak, and say, Thus saith the Lord God; Behold, I am against thee, Pharaoh
  king of Egypt, the great dragon that lieth in the midst of his rivers, which
  hath said, My river is mine own, and I have made it for myself.
</p>
<p>
  4 But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the fish of thy rivers to
  stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy
  rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales.
</p>
<p>
  5 And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all the fish of
  thy rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fields; thou shalt not be brought
  together, nor gathered: I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field
  and to the fowls of the heaven.
</p>
<p>
  6 And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the Lord, because they
  have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  7 When they took hold of thee by thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all
  their shoulder: and when they leaned upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all
  their loins to be at a stand.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Therefore thus saith the Lord God; Behold, I will bring a sword upon
  thee, and cut off man and beast out of thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know that
  I am the Lord: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it.
</p>
<p>
  10 Behold, therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will
  make the land of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene
  even unto the border of Ethiopia.
</p>
<p>
  11 No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of beast shall pass through
  it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years.
</p>
<p>
  12 And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries
  that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall
  be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations,
  and will disperse them through the countries.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Yet thus saith the Lord God; At the end of forty years will I gather
  the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  14 And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to
  return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they
  shall be there a base kingdom.
</p>
<p>
  15 It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any
  more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule
  over the nations.
</p>
<p>
  16 And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which
  bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but
  they shall know that I am the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year, in the first
  month, in the first day of the month, the word of the Lord came unto me,
  saying,
</p>
<p>
  18 Son of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great
  service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was
  peeled: yet had he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he
  had served against it:
</p>
<p>
  19 Therefore thus saith the Lord God; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt
  unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and take
  her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the wages for his army.
</p>
<p>
  20 I have given him the land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served
  against it, because they wrought for me, saith the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud
  forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and
  they shall know that I am the Lord.
</p>
