---
title: Ezekiel 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:28 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>1 And the word of the Lord came unto me, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Son of man, set thy face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy
  against them,
</p>
<p>
  3 And say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord God; Thus saith
  the Lord God to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the
  valleys; Behold, I, even I, will bring a sword upon you, and I will destroy
  your high places.
</p>
<p>
  4 And your altars shall be desolate, and your images shall be broken: and I
  will cast down your slain men before your idols.
</p>
<p>
  5 And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel before their
  idols; and I will scatter your bones round about your altars.
</p>
<p>
  6 In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste, and the high
  places shall be desolate; that your altars may be laid waste and made
  desolate, and your idols may be broken and cease, and your images may be cut
  down, and your works may be abolished.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the slain shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Yet will I leave a remnant, that ye may have some that shall escape
  the sword among the nations, when ye shall be scattered through the countries.
</p>
<p>
  9 And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations whither they
  shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whorish heart, which
  hath departed from me, and with their eyes, which go a whoring after their
  idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have committed
  in all their abominations.
</p>
<p>
  10 And they shall know that I am the Lord, and that I have not said in vain
  that I would do this evil unto them.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord God; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy
  foot, and say, Alas for all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for
  they shall fall by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence.
</p>
<p>
  12 He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall
  fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the
  famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them.
</p>
<p>
  13 Then shall ye know that I am the Lord, when their slain men shall be among
  their idols round about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of
  the mountains, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the
  place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols.
</p>
<p>
  14 So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land desolate, yea,
  more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations:
  and they shall know that I am the Lord.
</p>
