---
title: 2 Corinthians 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:07 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who
  in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:
</p>
<p>
  2 But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that
  confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if
  we walked according to the flesh.
</p>
<p>3 For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:</p>
<p>
  4 (For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to
  the pulling down of strong holds;)
</p>
<p>
  5 Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against
  the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the
  obedience of Christ;
</p>
<p>
  6 And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience
  is fulfilled.
</p>
<p>
  7 Do ye look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to
  himself that he is Christ&#x2019;s, let him of himself think this again, that,
  as he is Christ&#x2019;s, even so are we Christ&#x2019;s.
</p>
<p>
  8 For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord
  hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be
  ashamed:
</p>
<p>9 That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters.</p>
<p>
  10 For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily
  presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.
</p>
<p>
  11 Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we
  are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.
</p>
<p>
  12 For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with
  some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and
  comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.
</p>
<p>
  13 But we will not boast of things without our measure, but according to the
  measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us, a measure to reach even
  unto you.
</p>
<p>
  14 For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not
  unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of
  Christ:
</p>
<p>
  15 Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men&#x2019;s
  labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be
  enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,
</p>
<p>
  16 To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another
  man&#x2019;s line of things made ready to our hand.
</p>
<p>17 But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.</p>
<p>
  18 For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord
  commendeth.
</p>
