---
title: 2 Corinthians 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:07 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and
  revelations of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  2 I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I
  cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an
  one caught up to the third heaven.
</p>
<p>
  3 And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot
  tell: God knoweth;)
</p>
<p>
  4 How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which
  it is not lawful for a man to utter.
</p>
<p>
  5 Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine
  infirmities.
</p>
<p>
  6 For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool; for I will say
  the truth: but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which
  he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me.
</p>
<p>
  7 And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the
  revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of
  Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
</p>
<p>
  8 For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is
  made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my
  infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
</p>
<p>
  10 Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in
  persecutions, in distresses for Christ&#x2019;s sake: for when I am weak, then
  am I strong.
</p>
<p>
  11 I am become a fool in glorying; ye have compelled me: for I ought to have
  been commended of you: for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles,
  though I be nothing.
</p>
<p>
  12 Truly the signs of an apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in
  signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds.
</p>
<p>
  13 For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be
  that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.
</p>
<p>
  14 Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be
  burdensome to you: for I seek not yours, but you: for the children ought not
  to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.
</p>
<p>
  15 And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more
  abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.
</p>
<p>
  16 But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught
  you with guile.
</p>
<p>17 Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?</p>
<p>
  18 I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of
  you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?
</p>
<p>
  19 Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in
  Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.
</p>
<p>
  20 For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and
  that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates,
  envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:
</p>
<p>
  21 And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I
  shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the
  uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.
</p>
