---
title: 2 Corinthians 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in
  heaviness.
</p>
<p>
  2 For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same
  which is made sorry by me?
</p>
<p>
  3 And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from
  them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is
  the joy of you all.
</p>
<p>
  4 For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many
  tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I
  have more abundantly unto you.
</p>
<p>
  5 But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I
  may not overcharge you all.
</p>
<p>
  6 Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.
</p>
<p>
  7 So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest
  perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.
</p>
<p>8 Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him.</p>
<p>
  9 For to this end also did I write, that I might know the proof of you,
  whether ye be obedient in all things.
</p>
<p>
  10 To whom ye forgive any thing, I forgive also: for if I forgave any thing,
  to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ;
</p>
<p>
  11 Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his
  devices.
</p>
<p>
  12 Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ&#x2019;s gospel, and a
  door was opened unto me of the Lord,
</p>
<p>
  13 I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but
  taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia.
</p>
<p>
  14 Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and
  maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.
</p>
<p>
  15 For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and
  in them that perish:
</p>
<p>
  16 To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the
  savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?
</p>
<p>
  17 For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity,
  but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.
</p>
