---
title: 2 Corinthians 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves
  from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear
  of God.
</p>
<p>
  2 Receive us; we have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have
  defrauded no man.
</p>
<p>
  3 I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our
  hearts to die and live with you.
</p>
<p>
  4 Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am
  filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.
</p>
<p>
  5 For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were
  troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears.
</p>
<p>
  6 Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by
  the coming of Titus;
</p>
<p>
  7 And not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was
  comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your
  fervent mind toward me; so that I rejoiced the more.
</p>
<p>
  8 For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did
  repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it
  were but for a season.
</p>
<p>
  9 Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to
  repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive
  damage by us in nothing.
</p>
<p>
  10 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but
  the sorrow of the world worketh death.
</p>
<p>
  11 For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what
  carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what
  indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea,
  what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this
  matter.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had
  done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for
  you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
</p>
<p>
  13 Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more
  joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
</p>
<p>
  14 For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we
  spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before
  Titus, is found a truth.
</p>
<p>
  15 And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth
  the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
</p>
<p>16 I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.</p>
