---
title: Matthew 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:01 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of
  Abraham.
</p>
<p>
  2 Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his
  brethren;
</p>
<p>
  3 And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom
  begat Aram;
</p>
<p>
  4 And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat
  Salmon;
</p>
<p>
  5 And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat
  Jesse;
</p>
<p>
  6 And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that
  had been the wife of Urias;
</p>
<p>7 And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;</p>
<p>
  8 And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;
</p>
<p>
  9 And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;
</p>
<p>
  10 And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;
</p>
<p>
  11 And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were
  carried away to Babylon:
</p>
<p>
  12 And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and
  Salathiel begat Zorobabel;
</p>
<p>
  13 And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;
</p>
<p>14 And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;</p>
<p>
  15 And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat
  Jacob;
</p>
<p>
  16 And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is
  called Christ.
</p>
<p>
  17 So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and
  from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and
  from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother
  Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with
  child of the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a
  publick example, was minded to put her away privily.
</p>
<p>
  20 But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord
  appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to
  take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the
  Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  21 And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus: for he
  shall save his people from their sins.
</p>
<p>
  22 Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the
  Lord by the prophet, saying,
</p>
<p>
  23 Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they
  shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
</p>
<p>
  24 Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden
  him, and took unto him his wife:
</p>
<p>
  25 And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he
  called his name Jesus.
</p>
