---
title: Matthew 19
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:11 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 19
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed
  from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Jud&#xE6;a beyond Jordan;
</p>
<p>2 And great multitudes followed him; and he healed them there.</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him,
  Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?
</p>
<p>
  4 And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made
  them at the beginning made them male and female,
</p>
<p>
  5 And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall
  cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?
</p>
<p>
  6 Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath
  joined together, let not man put asunder.
</p>
<p>
  7 They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of
  divorcement, and to put her away?
</p>
<p>
  8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered
  you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.
</p>
<p>
  9 And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for
  fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth
  her which is put away doth commit adultery.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his
  wife, it is not good to marry.
</p>
<p>
  11 But he said unto them, All men cannot receive this saying, save they to
  whom it is given.
</p>
<p>
  12 For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother&#x2019;s
  womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be
  eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven&#x2019;s
  sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put
  his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.
</p>
<p>
  14 But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto
  me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
</p>
<p>15 And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good
  thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
</p>
<p>
  17 And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one,
  that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.
</p>
<p>
  18 He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt
  not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  19 Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as
  thyself.
</p>
<p>
  20 The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth
  up: what lack I yet?
</p>
<p>
  21 Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast,
  and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and
  follow me.
</p>
<p>
  22 But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he
  had great possessions.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a
  rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.
</p>
<p>
  24 And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of
  a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
</p>
<p>
  25 When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then
  can be saved?
</p>
<p>
  26 But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but
  with God all things are possible.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all,
  and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?
</p>
<p>
  28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have
  followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne
  of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes
  of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  29 And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or
  father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name&#x2019;s sake,
  shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.
</p>
<p>30 But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.</p>
