---
title: Matthew 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise
  ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.
</p>
<p>
  2 Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as
  the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may have
  glory of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
</p>
<p>
  3 But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand
  doeth:
</p>
<p>
  4 That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret
  himself shall reward thee openly.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for
  they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the
  streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their
  reward.
</p>
<p>
  6 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut
  thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in
  secret shall reward thee openly.
</p>
<p>
  7 But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they
  think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
</p>
<p>
  8 Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye
  have need of, before ye ask him.
</p>
<p>
  9 After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven,
  Hallowed be thy name.
</p>
<p>10 Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.</p>
<p>11 Give us this day our daily bread.</p>
<p>12 And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the
  kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
</p>
<p>
  14 For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also
  forgive you:
</p>
<p>
  15 But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father
  forgive your trespasses.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad
  countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to
  fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
</p>
<p>17 But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;</p>
<p>
  18 That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in
  secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust
  doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
</p>
<p>
  20 But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust
  doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:
</p>
<p>21 For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.</p>
<p>
  22 The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy
  whole body shall be full of light.
</p>
<p>
  23 But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If
  therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and
  love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye
  cannot serve God and mammon.
</p>
<p>
  25 Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat,
  or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not
  the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
</p>
<p>
  26 Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor
  gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much
  better than they?
</p>
<p>27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?</p>
<p>
  28 And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how
  they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:
</p>
<p>
  29 And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed
  like one of these.
</p>
<p>
  30 Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to
  morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of
  little faith?
</p>
<p>
  31 Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we
  drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
</p>
<p>
  32 (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father
  knoweth that ye have need of all these things.
</p>
<p>
  33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these
  things shall be added unto you.
</p>
<p>
  34 Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought
  for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
</p>
