---
title: 2 Nephi 16
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:01 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 16
---

<p>
  1 In the year that king Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a
  throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
</p>
<p>
  2 Above it stood the seraphim; each one had six wings; with twain he covered
  his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly.
</p>
<p>
  3 And one cried unto another, and said: Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of
  Hosts; the whole earth is full of his glory.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the
  house was filled with smoke.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then said I: Wo is unto me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean
  lips; and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips; for mine eyes have
  seen the King, the Lord of Hosts.
</p>
<p>
  6 Then flew one of the seraphim unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which
  he had taken with the tongs from off the altar;
</p>
<p>
  7 And he laid it upon my mouth, and said: Lo, this has touched thy lips; and
  thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.
</p>
<p>
  8 Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying: Whom shall I send, and who will
  go for us? Then I said: Here am I; send me.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he said: Go and tell this people&#x2014;Hear ye indeed, but they
  understood not; and see ye indeed, but they perceived not.
</p>
<p>
  10 Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut
  their eyes&#x2014;lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and
  understand with their heart, and be converted and be healed.
</p>
<p>
  11 Then said I: Lord, how long? And he said: Until the cities be wasted
  without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly
  desolate;
</p>
<p>
  12 And the Lord have removed men far away, for there shall be a great
  forsaking in the midst of the land.
</p>
<p>
  13 But yet there shall be a tenth, and they shall return, and shall be eaten,
  as a teil tree, and as an oak whose substance is in them when they cast their
  leaves; so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof.
</p>
