---
title: 1 Chronicles 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>1 Adam, Sheth, Enosh,</p>
<p>2 Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,</p>
<p>3 Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,</p>
<p>4 Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and
  Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
</p>
<p>6 And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.</p>
<p>7 And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.</p>
<p>8 &#xB6; The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.</p>
<p>
  9 And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and
  Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
</p>
<p>10 And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.</p>
<p>11 And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,</p>
<p>
  12 And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and
  Caphthorim.
</p>
<p>13 And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,</p>
<p>14 The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,</p>
<p>15 And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,</p>
<span></span>
<p>16 And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram,
  and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
</p>
<p>18 And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.</p>
<p>
  19 And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in
  his days the earth was divided: and his brother&#x2019;s name was Joktan.
</p>
<p>20 And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,</p>
<p>21 Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,</p>
<p>22 And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,</p>
<p>23 And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.</p>
<p>24 &#xB6; Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,</p>
<p>25 Eber, Peleg, Reu,</p>
<p>26 Serug, Nahor, Terah,</p>
<p>27 Abram; the same is Abraham.</p>
<p>28 The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth;
  then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
</p>
<p>30 Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,</p>
<p>31 Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.</p>
<p>
  32 &#xB6; Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham&#x2019;s concubine: she bare
  Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the
  sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
</p>
<p>
  33 And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and
  Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.
</p>
<p>34 And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.</p>
<p>
  35 &#xB6; The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
</p>
<p>
  36 The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna,
  and Amalek.
</p>
<p>37 The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.</p>
<p>
  38 And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon,
  and Ezer, and Dishan.
</p>
<p>
  39 And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan&#x2019;s
  sister.
</p>
<p>
  40 The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. And
  the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
</p>
<p>
  41 The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and
  Ithran, and Cheran.
</p>
<p>
  42 The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and
  Aran.
</p>
<p>
  43 &#xB6; Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any
  king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name
  of his city was Dinhabah.
</p>
<p>
  44 And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  45 And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  46 And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the
  field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
</p>
<p>47 And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.</p>
<p>
  48 And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  49 And when Shaul was dead, Baal-hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  50 And when Baal-hanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of
  his city was Pai; and his wife&#x2019;s name was Mehetabel, the daughter of
  Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
</p>
<p>
  51 &#xB6; Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke
  Aliah, duke Jetheth,
</p>
<p>52 Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,</p>
<p>53 Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,</p>
<p>54 Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom.</p>
