---
title: 1 Chronicles 13
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 13
---

<p>
  1 And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with
  every leader.
</p>
<p>
  2 And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto
  you, and that it be of the Lord our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren
  every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to
  the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may
  gather themselves unto us:
</p>
<p>
  3 And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it
  in the days of Saul.
</p>
<p>
  4 And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right
  in the eyes of all the people.
</p>
<p>
  5 So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the
  entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjath-jearim.
</p>
<p>
  6 And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjath-jearim,
  which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the Lord, that
  dwelleth between the cherubims, whose name is called on it.
</p>
<p>
  7 And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab:
  and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.
</p>
<p>
  8 And David and all Israel played before God with all their might, and with
  singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with
  cymbals, and with trumpets.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth
  his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him,
  because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
</p>
<p>
  11 And David was displeased, because the Lord had made a breach upon Uzza:
  wherefore that place is called Perez-uzza to this day.
</p>
<p>
  12 And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of
  God home to me?
</p>
<p>
  13 So David brought not the ark home to himself to the city of David, but
  carried it aside into the house of Obed-edom the Gittite.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the ark of God remained with the family of Obed-edom in his house three
  months. And the Lord blessed the house of Obed-edom, and all that he had.
</p>
