---
title: 1 Chronicles 17
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:43 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 17
---

<p>
  1 Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan
  the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of
  the Lord remaineth under curtains.
</p>
<p>
  2 Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to
  Nathan, saying,
</p>
<p>
  4 Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the Lord, Thou shalt not build me
  an house to dwell in:
</p>
<p>
  5 For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto
  this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from one tabernacle to another.
</p>
<p>
  6 Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the
  judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not
  built me an house of cedars?
</p>
<p>
  7 Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the Lord
  of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that
  thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:
</p>
<p>
  8 And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off
  all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of
  the great men that are in the earth.
</p>
<p>
  9 Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and
  they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the
  children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
</p>
<p>
  10 And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel.
  Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the
  Lord will build thee an house.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must
  go to be with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which
  shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
</p>
<p>12 He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.</p>
<p>
  13 I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy
  away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:
</p>
<p>
  14 But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his
  throne shall be established for evermore.
</p>
<p>
  15 According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did
  Nathan speak unto David.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And David the king came and sat before the Lord, and said, Who am I,
  O Lord God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
</p>
<p>
  17 And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also
  spoken of thy servant&#x2019;s house for a great while to come, and hast
  regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  18 What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou
  knowest thy servant.
</p>
<p>
  19 O Lord, for thy servant&#x2019;s sake, and according to thine own heart,
  hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
</p>
<p>
  20 O Lord, there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee,
  according to all that we have heard with our ears.
</p>
<p>
  21 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people Israel, whom God went
  to redeem to be his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and
  terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people, whom thou hast
  redeemed out of Egypt?
</p>
<p>
  22 For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou,
  Lord, becamest their God.
</p>
<p>
  23 Therefore now, Lord, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy
  servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast
  said.
</p>
<p>
  24 Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever,
  saying, The Lord of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let
  the house of David thy servant be established before thee.
</p>
<p>
  25 For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an
  house: therefore thy servant hath found in his heart to pray before thee.
</p>
<p>
  26 And now, Lord, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy
  servant:
</p>
<p>
  27 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it
  may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O Lord, and it shall be
  blessed for ever.
</p>
