---
title: 1 Chronicles 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:22 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and
  Zebulun,
</p>
<p>2 Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born
  unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of
  Judah, was evil in the sight of the Lord; and he slew him.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of
  Judah were five.
</p>
<p>5 The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.</p>
<p>
  6 And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara:
  five of them in all.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in
  the thing accursed.
</p>
<p>8 And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.</p>
<p>
  9 The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and
  Chelubai.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the
  children of Judah;
</p>
<p>11 And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,</p>
<p>12 And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and
  Shimma the third,
</p>
<p>14 Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,</p>
<p>15 Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:</p>
<p>
  16 Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai,
  and Joab, and Asahel, three.
</p>
<p>
  17 And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and
  of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.
</p>
<p>
  19 And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.
</p>
<p>20 And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of
  Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him
  Segub.
</p>
<p>
  22 And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of
  Gilead.
</p>
<p>
  23 And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with
  Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to
  the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
</p>
<p>
  24 And after that Hezron was dead in Caleb-ephratah, then Abiah
  Hezron&#x2019;s wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the
  firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.
</p>
<p>
  26 Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother
  of Onam.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and
  Eker.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  28 And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai;
  Nadab, and Abishur.
</p>
<p>
  29 And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban,
  and Molid.
</p>
<p>
  30 And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
</p>
<p>
  31 And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the
  children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
</p>
<p>
  32 And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and
  Jether died without children.
</p>
<p>
  33 And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of
  Jerahmeel.
</p>
<p>
  34 &#xB6; Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant,
  an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.
</p>
<p>
  35 And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare
  him Attai.
</p>
<p>36 And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,</p>
<p>37 And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,</p>
<p>38 And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,</p>
<p>39 And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,</p>
<p>40 And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,</p>
<p>41 And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.</p>
<p>
  42 &#xB6; Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his
  firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father
  of Hebron.
</p>
<p>43 And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.</p>
<p>44 And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.</p>
<p>45 And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Beth-zur.</p>
<p>
  46 And Ephah, Caleb&#x2019;s concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and
  Haran begat Gazez.
</p>
<p>
  47 And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and
  Ephah, and Shaaph.
</p>
<p>48 Maachah, Caleb&#x2019;s concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.</p>
<p>
  49 She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of
  Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsah.
</p>
<p>
  50 &#xB6; These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of
  Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjath-jearim,
</p>
<p>51 Salma the father of Beth-lehem, Hareph the father of Beth-gader.</p>
<p>
  52 And Shobal the father of Kirjath-jearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the
  Manahethites.
</p>
<p>
  53 And the families of Kirjath-jearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the
  Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the
  Eshtaulites.
</p>
<p>
  54 The sons of Salma; Beth-lehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of
  Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
</p>
<p>
  55 And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the
  Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the
  father of the house of Rechab.
</p>
