---
title: 1 Chronicles 20
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:45 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 20
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings
  go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country
  of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at
  Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it.
</p>
<p>
  2 And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to
  weigh a talent of gold, and there were precious stones in it; and it was set
  upon David&#x2019;s head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the
  city.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and
  with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities
  of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with
  the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was
  of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.
</p>
<p>
  5 And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair
  slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a
  weaver&#x2019;s beam.
</p>
<p>
  6 And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose
  fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot:
  and he also was the son of the giant.
</p>
<p>
  7 But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David&#x2019;s brother
  slew him.
</p>
<p>
  8 These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David,
  and by the hand of his servants.
</p>
