---
title: 1 Chronicles 23
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:49 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 23
---

<p>
  1 So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over
  Israel.
</p>
<p>
  2 &#xB6; And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests
  and the Levites.
</p>
<p>
  3 Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and
  their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.
</p>
<p>
  4 Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house
  of the Lord; and six thousand were officers and judges:
</p>
<p>
  5 Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the Lord with
  the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.
</p>
<p>
  6 And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon,
  Kohath, and Merari.
</p>
<p>7 &#xB6; Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.</p>
<p>8 The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.</p>
<p>
  9 The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the
  chief of the fathers of Laadan.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These
  four were the sons of Shimei.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had
  not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their
  father&#x2019;s house.
</p>
<p>12 &#xB6; The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.</p>
<p>
  13 The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should
  sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense
  before the Lord, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever.
</p>
<p>
  14 Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of
  Levi.
</p>
<p>15 The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.</p>
<p>16 Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.</p>
<p>
  17 And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none
  other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
</p>
<p>18 Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.</p>
<p>
  19 Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the
  third, and Jekameam the fourth.
</p>
<p>20 Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah the first, and Jesiah the second.</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar,
  and Kish.
</p>
<p>
  22 And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the
  sons of Kish took them.
</p>
<p>23 The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even
  the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their
  polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the Lord, from the
  age of twenty years and upward.
</p>
<p>
  25 For David said, The Lord God of Israel hath given rest unto his people,
  that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:
</p>
<p>
  26 And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any
  vessels of it for the service thereof.
</p>
<p>
  27 For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years
  old and above:
</p>
<p>
  28 Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of
  the house of the Lord, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the
  purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;
</p>
<p>
  29 Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for
  the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that
  which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;
</p>
<p>
  30 And to stand every morning to thank and praise the Lord, and likewise at
  even;
</p>
<p>
  31 And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the Lord in the sabbaths, in the new
  moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto
  them, continually before the Lord:
</p>
<p>
  32 And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation,
  and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their
  brethren, in the service of the house of the Lord.
</p>
