---
title: 1 Chronicles 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the
  firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail
  the Carmelitess:
</p>
<p>
  2 The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur:
  the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>3 The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.</p>
<p>
  4 These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and
  six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
</p>
<p>
  5 And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan,
  and Solomon, four, of Bath-shua the daughter of Ammiel:
</p>
<p>6 Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,</p>
<p>7 And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,</p>
<p>8 And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.</p>
<p>
  9 These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and
  Tamar their sister.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And Solomon&#x2019;s son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son,
  Jehoshaphat his son,
</p>
<p>11 Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,</p>
<p>12 Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,</p>
<p>13 Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,</p>
<p>14 Amon his son, Josiah his son.</p>
<p>
  15 And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim,
  the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
</p>
<p>16 And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.</p>
<p>17 &#xB6; And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,</p>
<p>
  18 Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
</p>
<p>
  19 And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of
  Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
</p>
<p>
  20 And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushab-hesed, five.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the
  sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
</p>
<p>
  22 And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush,
  and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
</p>
<p>23 And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.</p>
<p>
  24 And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and
  Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
</p>
