---
title: 1 Chronicles 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the
  third,
</p>
<p>2 Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.</p>
<p>3 And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,</p>
<p>4 And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,</p>
<p>5 And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.</p>
<p>
  6 And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the
  inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
</p>
<p>
  7 And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and
  Ahihud.
</p>
<p>
  8 And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them
  away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
</p>
<p>
  10 And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the
  fathers.
</p>
<p>11 And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.</p>
<p>
  12 The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod,
  with the towns thereof:
</p>
<p>
  13 Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of
  Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
</p>
<p>14 And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,</p>
<p>15 And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,</p>
<p>16 And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;</p>
<p>17 And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,</p>
<p>18 Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;</p>
<p>19 And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,</p>
<p>20 And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,</p>
<p>21 And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;</p>
<p>22 And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,</p>
<p>23 And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,</p>
<p>24 And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,</p>
<p>25 And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;</p>
<p>26 And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,</p>
<p>27 And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.</p>
<p>
  28 These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These
  dwelt in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  29 And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife&#x2019;s name was
  Maachah:
</p>
<p>30 And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,</p>
<p>31 And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.</p>
<p>
  32 And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in
  Jerusalem, over against them.
</p>
<p>
  33 &#xB6; And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan,
  and Malchi-shua, and Abinadab, and Esh-baal.
</p>
<p>34 And the son of Jonathan was Merib-baal; and Merib-baal begat Micah.</p>
<p>35 And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.</p>
<p>
  36 And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and
  Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,
</p>
<p>
  37 And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:
</p>
<p>
  38 And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and
  Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of
  Azel.
</p>
<p>
  39 And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the
  second, and Eliphelet the third.
</p>
<p>
  40 And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons,
  and sons&#x2019; sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of
  Benjamin.
</p>
