---
title: Official Declaration 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:39 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 143
---

<div class="opening-block"><p>To Whom It May Concern:</p></div>
<p>
  On September 30, 1978, at the 148th Semiannual General Conference of The
  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the following was presented by
  President N.&#xA0;Eldon Tanner, First Counselor in the First Presidency of the
  Church:
</p>
<p>
  In early June of this year, the First Presidency announced that a revelation
  had been received by President Spencer&#xA0;W. Kimball extending priesthood
  and temple blessings to all worthy male members of the Church. President
  Kimball has asked that I advise the conference that after he had received this
  revelation, which came to him after extended meditation and prayer in the
  sacred rooms of the holy temple, he presented it to his counselors, who
  accepted it and approved it. It was then presented to the Quorum of the Twelve
  Apostles, who unanimously approved it, and was subsequently presented to all
  other General Authorities, who likewise approved it unanimously.
</p>
<p>President Kimball has asked that I now read this letter:</p>
<div class="opening-block">
  <div class="date"><p>June 8, 1978</p></div>
  <div class="addressee">
    <p>
      To all general and local priesthood officers of The Church of Jesus Christ
      of Latter-day Saints throughout the world:
    </p>
  </div>
  <p>Dear Brethren:</p>
</div>
<p>
  As we have witnessed the expansion of the work of the Lord over the earth, we
  have been grateful that people of many nations have responded to the message
  of the restored gospel, and have joined the Church in ever-increasing numbers.
  This, in turn, has inspired us with a desire to extend to every worthy member
  of the Church all of the privileges and blessings which the gospel affords.
</p>
<p>
  Aware of the promises made by the prophets and presidents of the Church who
  have preceded us that at some time, in God&#x2019;s eternal plan, all of our
  brethren who are worthy may receive the priesthood, and witnessing the
  faithfulness of those from whom the priesthood has been withheld, we have
  pleaded long and earnestly in behalf of these, our faithful brethren, spending
  many hours in the Upper Room of the Temple supplicating the Lord for divine
  guidance.
</p>
<p>
  He has heard our prayers, and by revelation has confirmed that the
  long-promised day has come when every faithful, worthy man in the Church may
  receive the holy priesthood, with power to exercise its divine authority, and
  enjoy with his loved ones every blessing that flows therefrom, including the
  blessings of the temple. Accordingly, all worthy male members of the Church
  may be ordained to the priesthood without regard for race or color. Priesthood
  leaders are instructed to follow the policy of carefully interviewing all
  candidates for ordination to either the Aaronic or the Melchizedek Priesthood
  to insure that they meet the established standards for worthiness.
</p>
<p>
  We declare with soberness that the Lord has now made known his will for the
  blessing of all his children throughout the earth who will hearken to the
  voice of his authorized servants, and prepare themselves to receive every
  blessing of the gospel.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>Sincerely yours,</p>
  <p>Spencer&#xA0;W. Kimball</p>
  <p>N.&#xA0;Eldon Tanner</p>
  <p>Marion&#xA0;G. Romney</p>
  <p>The First Presidency</p>
</div>
<p>
  Recognizing Spencer&#xA0;W. Kimball as the prophet, seer, and revelator, and
  president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, it is proposed
  that we as a constituent assembly accept this revelation as the word and will
  of the Lord. All in favor please signify by raising your right hand. Any
  opposed by the same sign.
</p>
<p>
  The vote to sustain the foregoing motion was unanimous in the affirmative.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <div class="date"><p>Salt Lake City, Utah, September 30, 1978.</p></div>
</div>
