---
title: Psalm 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Why standest thou afar off, O Lord? why hidest thou thyself in times of
  trouble?
</p>
<p>
  2 The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the
  devices that they have imagined.
</p>
<p>
  3 For the wicked boasteth of his heart&#x2019;s desire, and blesseth the
  covetous, whom the Lord abhorreth.
</p>
<p>
  4 The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God:
  God is not in all his thoughts.
</p>
<p>
  5 His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight:
  as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them.
</p>
<p>
  6 He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in
  adversity.
</p>
<p>
  7 His mouth is full of cursing and deceit and fraud: under his tongue is
  mischief and vanity.
</p>
<p>
  8 He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret places doth
  he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor.
</p>
<p>
  9 He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch
  the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net.
</p>
<p>
  10 He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong
  ones.
</p>
<p>
  11 He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will
  never see it.
</p>
<p>12 Arise, O Lord; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.</p>
<p>
  13 Wherefore doth the wicked contemn God? he hath said in his heart, Thou wilt
  not require it.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it
  with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of
  the fatherless.
</p>
<p>
  15 Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man: seek out his wickedness
  till thou find none.
</p>
<p>
  16 The Lord is King for ever and ever: the heathen are perished out of his
  land.
</p>
<p>
  17 Lord, thou hast heard the desire of the humble: thou wilt prepare their
  heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to hear:
</p>
<p>
  18 To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the earth may no
  more oppress.
</p>
