---
title: Psalm 102
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:18 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 102
---

<p>1 Hear my prayer, O Lord, and let my cry come unto thee.</p>
<p>
  2 Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear
  unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.
</p>
<p>
  3 For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an hearth.
</p>
<p>
  4 My heart is smitten, and withered like grass; so that I forget to eat my
  bread.
</p>
<p>5 By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.</p>
<p>6 I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.</p>
<p>7 I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top.</p>
<p>
  8 Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are
  sworn against me.
</p>
<p>9 For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping,</p>
<p>
  10 Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and
  cast me down.
</p>
<p>
  11 My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass.
</p>
<p>
  12 But thou, O Lord, shalt endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all
  generations.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her,
  yea, the set time, is come.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  14 For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the dust thereof.
</p>
<p>
  15 So the heathen shall fear the name of the Lord, and all the kings of the
  earth thy glory.
</p>
<p>16 When the Lord shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.</p>
<p>
  17 He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer.
</p>
<p>
  18 This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which
  shall be created shall praise the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  19 For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did
  the Lord behold the earth;
</p>
<p>
  20 To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to
  death;
</p>
<p>21 To declare the name of the Lord in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;</p>
<p>
  22 When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the Lord.
</p>
<p>23 He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.</p>
<p>
  24 I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are
  throughout all generations.
</p>
<p>
  25 Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the
  work of thy hands.
</p>
<p>
  26 They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old
  like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be
  changed:
</p>
<p>27 But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.</p>
<p>
  28 The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be
  established before thee.
</p>
