---
title: Psalm 103
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:18 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 103
---

<p>
  1 Bless the Lord, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
</p>
<p>2 Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:</p>
<p>3 Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;</p>
<p>
  4 Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with
  lovingkindness and tender mercies;
</p>
<p>
  5 Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like
  the eagle&#x2019;s.
</p>
<p>
  6 The Lord executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
</p>
<p>
  7 He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  8 The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.
</p>
<p>9 He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.</p>
<p>
  10 He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our
  iniquities.
</p>
<p>
  11 For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward
  them that fear him.
</p>
<p>
  12 As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our
  transgressions from us.
</p>
<p>
  13 Like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear
  him.
</p>
<p>14 For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  15 As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he
  flourisheth.
</p>
<p>
  16 For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall
  know it no more.
</p>
<p>
  17 But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that
  fear him, and his righteousness unto children&#x2019;s children;
</p>
<p>
  18 To such as keep his covenant, and to those that remember his commandments
  to do them.
</p>
<p>
  19 The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth
  over all.
</p>
<p>
  20 Bless the Lord, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his
  commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.
</p>
<p>
  21 Bless ye the Lord, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his
  pleasure.
</p>
<p>
  22 Bless the Lord, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the
  Lord, O my soul.
</p>
