---
title: Psalm 104
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:19 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 104
---

<p>
  1 Bless the Lord, O my soul. O Lord my God, thou art very great; thou art
  clothed with honour and majesty.
</p>
<p>
  2 Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment: who stretchest out the
  heavens like a curtain:
</p>
<p>
  3 Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds
  his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind:
</p>
<p>4 Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:</p>
<p>
  5 Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for
  ever.
</p>
<p>
  6 Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment: the waters stood above
  the mountains.
</p>
<p>7 At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.</p>
<p>
  8 They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place
  which thou hast founded for them.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again
  to cover the earth.
</p>
<p>10 He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.</p>
<p>
  11 They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their
  thirst.
</p>
<p>
  12 By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing
  among the branches.
</p>
<p>
  13 He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the
  fruit of thy works.
</p>
<p>
  14 He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of
  man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth;
</p>
<p>
  15 And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to
  shine, and bread which strengtheneth man&#x2019;s heart.
</p>
<p>
  16 The trees of the Lord are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath
  planted;
</p>
<p>
  17 Where the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her
  house.
</p>
<p>
  18 The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the
  conies.
</p>
<p>19 He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down.</p>
<p>
  20 Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest
  do creep forth.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>21 The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.</p>
<p>
  22 The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in
  their dens.
</p>
<p>23 Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening.</p>
<p>
  24 O Lord, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all: the
  earth is full of thy riches.
</p>
<p>
  25 So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable,
  both small and great beasts.
</p>
<p>
  26 There go the ships: there is that leviathan, whom thou hast made to play
  therein.
</p>
<p>
  27 These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due
  season.
</p>
<p>
  28 That thou givest them they gather: thou openest thine hand, they are filled
  with good.
</p>
<p>
  29 Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled: thou takest away their breath,
  they die, and return to their dust.
</p>
<p>
  30 Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created: and thou renewest the face
  of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  31 The glory of the Lord shall endure for ever: the Lord shall rejoice in his
  works.
</p>
<p>
  32 He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they
  smoke.
</p>
<p>
  33 I will sing unto the Lord as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God
  while I have my being.
</p>
<p>34 My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the Lord.</p>
<p>
  35 Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no
  more. Bless thou the Lord, O my soul. Praise ye the Lord.
</p>
