---
title: Psalm 105
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 105
---

<p>
  1 O give thanks unto the Lord; call upon his name: make known his deeds among
  the people.
</p>
<p>2 Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.</p>
<p>
  3 Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.
</p>
<p>4 Seek the Lord, and his strength: seek his face evermore.</p>
<p>
  5 Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the
  judgments of his mouth;
</p>
<p>6 O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen.</p>
<p>7 He is the Lord our God: his judgments are in all the earth.</p>
<p>
  8 He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a
  thousand generations.
</p>
<p>9 Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;</p>
<p>
  10 And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an
  everlasting covenant:
</p>
<p>
  11 Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your
  inheritance:
</p>
<p>
  12 When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.
</p>
<p>
  13 When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another
  people;
</p>
<p>
  14 He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their
  sakes;
</p>
<p>15 Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.</p>
<p>
  16 Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of
  bread.
</p>
<p>17 He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:</p>
<p>18 Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:</p>
<p>19 Until the time that his word came: the word of the Lord tried him.</p>
<p>
  20 The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go
  free.
</p>
<p>21 He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:</p>
<p>22 To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.</p>
<p>23 Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.</p>
<p>
  24 And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their
  enemies.
</p>
<p>
  25 He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his
  servants.
</p>
<p>26 He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.</p>
<p>27 They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.</p>
<p>
  28 He sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.
</p>
<p>29 He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish.</p>
<p>
  30 Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their
  kings.
</p>
<p>
  31 He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their
  coasts.
</p>
<p>32 He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.</p>
<p>
  33 He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their
  coasts.
</p>
<p>
  34 He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,
</p>
<p>
  35 And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their
  ground.
</p>
<p>
  36 He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their
  strength.
</p>
<p>
  37 He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one
  feeble person among their tribes.
</p>
<p>
  38 Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.
</p>
<p>39 He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.</p>
<p>
  40 The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread
  of heaven.
</p>
<p>
  41 He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places
  like a river.
</p>
<p>42 For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.</p>
<p>
  43 And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:
</p>
<p>
  44 And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of
  the people;
</p>
<p>
  45 That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the
  Lord.
</p>
