---
title: Psalm 106
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 106
---

<p>
  1 Praise ye the Lord. O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: for his
  mercy endureth for ever.
</p>
<p>
  2 Who can utter the mighty acts of the Lord? who can shew forth all his
  praise?
</p>
<p>
  3 Blessed are they that keep judgment, and he that doeth righteousness at all
  times.
</p>
<p>
  4 Remember me, O Lord, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O
  visit me with thy salvation;
</p>
<p>
  5 That I may see the good of thy chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of
  thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  6 We have sinned with our fathers, we have committed iniquity, we have done
  wickedly.
</p>
<p>
  7 Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the
  multitude of thy mercies; but provoked him at the sea, even at the Red sea.
</p>
<p>
  8 Nevertheless he saved them for his name&#x2019;s sake, that he might make
  his mighty power to be known.
</p>
<p>
  9 He rebuked the Red sea also, and it was dried up: so he led them through the
  depths, as through the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  10 And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them
  from the hand of the enemy.
</p>
<p>11 And the waters covered their enemies: there was not one of them left.</p>
<p>12 Then believed they his words; they sang his praise.</p>
<p>13 They soon forgat his works; they waited not for his counsel:</p>
<p>
  14 But lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert.
</p>
<p>15 And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul.</p>
<p>16 They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the Lord.</p>
<p>
  17 The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan, and covered the company of
  Abiram.
</p>
<p>
  18 And a fire was kindled in their company; the flame burned up the wicked.
</p>
<p>19 They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image.</p>
<p>
  20 Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth
  grass.
</p>
<p>21 They forgat God their saviour, which had done great things in Egypt;</p>
<p>22 Wondrous works in the land of Ham, and terrible things by the Red sea.</p>
<p>
  23 Therefore he said that he would destroy them, had not Moses his chosen
  stood before him in the breach, to turn away his wrath, lest he should destroy
  them.
</p>
<p>24 Yea, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word:</p>
<p>
  25 But murmured in their tents, and hearkened not unto the voice of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  26 Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the
  wilderness:
</p>
<p>
  27 To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the
  lands.
</p>
<p>
  28 They joined themselves also unto Baal-peor, and ate the sacrifices of the
  dead.
</p>
<p>
  29 Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake
  in upon them.
</p>
<p>
  30 Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the plague was
  stayed.
</p>
<p>
  31 And that was counted unto him for righteousness unto all generations for
  evermore.
</p>
<p>
  32 They angered him also at the waters of strife, so that it went ill with
  Moses for their sakes:
</p>
<p>
  33 Because they provoked his spirit, so that he spake unadvisedly with his
  lips.
</p>
<p>
  34 They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the Lord commanded them:
</p>
<p>35 But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works.</p>
<p>36 And they served their idols: which were a snare unto them.</p>
<p>37 Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils,</p>
<p>
  38 And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their
  daughters, whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan: and the land was
  polluted with blood.
</p>
<p>
  39 Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their
  own inventions.
</p>
<p>
  40 Therefore was the wrath of the Lord kindled against his people, insomuch
  that he abhorred his own inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  41 And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them
  ruled over them.
</p>
<p>
  42 Their enemies also oppressed them, and they were brought into subjection
  under their hand.
</p>
<p>
  43 Many times did he deliver them; but they provoked him with their counsel,
  and were brought low for their iniquity.
</p>
<p>44 Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:</p>
<p>
  45 And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the
  multitude of his mercies.
</p>
<p>
  46 He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captives.
</p>
<p>
  47 Save us, O Lord our God, and gather us from among the heathen, to give
  thanks unto thy holy name, and to triumph in thy praise.
</p>
<p>
  48 Blessed be the Lord God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting: and let
  all the people say, Amen. Praise ye the Lord.
</p>
