---
title: Psalm 107
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 107
---

<p>
  1 O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for
  ever.
</p>
<p>
  2 Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, whom he hath redeemed from the hand of
  the enemy;
</p>
<p>
  3 And gathered them out of the lands, from the east, and from the west, from
  the north, and from the south.
</p>
<p>
  4 They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to
  dwell in.
</p>
<p>5 Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.</p>
<p>
  6 Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he delivered them out of
  their distresses.
</p>
<p>
  7 And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of
  habitation.
</p>
<p>
  8 Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful
  works to the children of men!
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  9 For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with
  goodness.
</p>
<p>
  10 Such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, being bound in
  affliction and iron;
</p>
<p>
  11 Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel
  of the most High:
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and
  there was none to help.
</p>
<p>
  13 Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saved them out of
  their distresses.
</p>
<p>
  14 He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their
  bands in sunder.
</p>
<p>
  15 Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful
  works to the children of men!
</p>
<p>
  16 For he hath broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder.
</p>
<p>
  17 Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are
  afflicted.
</p>
<p>
  18 Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates
  of death.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of
  their distresses.
</p>
<p>
  20 He sent his word, and healed them, and delivered them from their
  destructions.
</p>
<p>
  21 Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful
  works to the children of men!
</p>
<p>
  22 And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his
  works with rejoicing.
</p>
<p>
  23 They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;
</p>
<p>24 These see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.</p>
<p>
  25 For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves
  thereof.
</p>
<p>
  26 They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul
  is melted because of trouble.
</p>
<p>
  27 They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their
  wits&#x2019; end.
</p>
<p>
  28 Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of
  their distresses.
</p>
<p>29 He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.</p>
<p>
  30 Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their
  desired haven.
</p>
<p>
  31 Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful
  works to the children of men!
</p>
<p>
  32 Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him
  in the assembly of the elders.
</p>
<p>
  33 He turneth rivers into a wilderness, and the watersprings into dry ground;
</p>
<p>
  34 A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell
  therein.
</p>
<p>
  35 He turneth the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into
  watersprings.
</p>
<p>
  36 And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for
  habitation;
</p>
<p>
  37 And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of
  increase.
</p>
<p>
  38 He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth
  not their cattle to decrease.
</p>
<p>
  39 Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction,
  and sorrow.
</p>
<p>
  40 He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the
  wilderness, where there is no way.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  41 Yet setteth he the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him families
  like a flock.
</p>
<p>
  42 The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her
  mouth.
</p>
<p>
  43 Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand
  the lovingkindness of the Lord.
</p>
