---
title: Psalm 109
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:21 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 109
---

<p>1 Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise;</p>
<p>
  2 For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened
  against me: they have spoken against me with a lying tongue.
</p>
<p>
  3 They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me
  without a cause.
</p>
<p>4 For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.</p>
<p>5 And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.</p>
<p>6 Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.</p>
<p>
  7 When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become
  sin.
</p>
<p>8 Let his days be few; and let another take his office.</p>
<p>9 Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.</p>
<p>
  10 Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their
  bread also out of their desolate places.
</p>
<p>
  11 Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his
  labour.
</p>
<p>
  12 Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to
  favour his fatherless children.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their
  name be blotted out.
</p>
<p>
  14 Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the Lord; and let not
  the sin of his mother be blotted out.
</p>
<p>
  15 Let them be before the Lord continually, that he may cut off the memory of
  them from the earth.
</p>
<p>
  16 Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and
  needy man, that he might even slay the broken in heart.
</p>
<p>
  17 As he loved cursing, so let it come unto him: as he delighted not in
  blessing, so let it be far from him.
</p>
<p>
  18 As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment, so let it come
  into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.
</p>
<p>
  19 Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle
  wherewith he is girded continually.
</p>
<p>
  20 Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the Lord, and of them that
  speak evil against my soul.
</p>
<p>
  21 But do thou for me, O God the Lord, for thy name&#x2019;s sake: because thy
  mercy is good, deliver thou me.
</p>
<p>22 For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me.</p>
<p>
  23 I am gone like the shadow when it declineth: I am tossed up and down as the
  locust.
</p>
<p>24 My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh faileth of fatness.</p>
<p>
  25 I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked
  their heads.
</p>
<p>26 Help me, O Lord my God: O save me according to thy mercy:</p>
<p>
  27 That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, Lord, hast done it.
</p>
<p>
  28 Let them curse, but bless thou: when they arise, let them be ashamed; but
  let thy servant rejoice.
</p>
<p>
  29 Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves
  with their own confusion, as with a mantle.
</p>
<p>
  30 I will greatly praise the Lord with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among
  the multitude.
</p>
<p>
  31 For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those
  that condemn his soul.
</p>
