---
title: Psalm 115
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:23 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 115
---

<p>
  1 Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy
  mercy, and for thy truth&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>2 Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?</p>
<p>3 But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased.</p>
<p>4 Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men&#x2019;s hands.</p>
<p>5 They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:</p>
<p>6 They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:</p>
<p>
  7 They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not:
  neither speak they through their throat.
</p>
<p>
  8 They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in
  them.
</p>
<p>9 O Israel, trust thou in the Lord: he is their help and their shield.</p>
<p>
  10 O house of Aaron, trust in the Lord: he is their help and their shield.
</p>
<p>
  11 Ye that fear the Lord, trust in the Lord: he is their help and their
  shield.
</p>
<p>
  12 The Lord hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house
  of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron.
</p>
<p>13 He will bless them that fear the Lord, both small and great.</p>
<p>14 The Lord shall increase you more and more, you and your children.</p>
<p>15 Ye are blessed of the Lord which made heaven and earth.</p>
<p>
  16 The heaven, even the heavens, are the Lord&#x2019;s: but the earth hath he
  given to the children of men.
</p>
<p>17 The dead praise not the Lord, neither any that go down into silence.</p>
<p>
  18 But we will bless the Lord from this time forth and for evermore. Praise
  the Lord.
</p>
