---
title: Psalm 116
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:23 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 116
---

<p>1 I love the Lord, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.</p>
<p>
  2 Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as
  long as I live.
</p>
<p>
  3 The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I
  found trouble and sorrow.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then called I upon the name of the Lord; O Lord, I beseech thee, deliver my
  soul.
</p>
<p>5 Gracious is the Lord, and righteous; yea, our God is merciful.</p>
<p>6 The Lord preserveth the simple: I was brought low, and he helped me.</p>
<p>
  7 Return unto thy rest, O my soul; for the Lord hath dealt bountifully with
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  8 For thou hast delivered my soul from death, mine eyes from tears, and my
  feet from falling.
</p>
<p>9 I will walk before the Lord in the land of the living.</p>
<p>10 I believed, therefore have I spoken: I was greatly afflicted:</p>
<p>11 I said in my haste, All men are liars.</p>
<p>12 What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits toward me?</p>
<p>13 I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord.</p>
<p>
  14 I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people.
</p>
<p>15 Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints.</p>
<p>
  16 O Lord, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine
  handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds.
</p>
<p>
  17 I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the
  name of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  18 I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people,
</p>
<p>
  19 In the courts of the Lord&#x2019;s house, in the midst of thee, O
  Jerusalem. Praise ye the Lord.
</p>
