---
title: Psalm 118
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 118
---

<p>
  1 O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for
  ever.
</p>
<p>2 Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>3 Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>4 Let them now that fear the Lord say, that his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>
  5 I called upon the Lord in distress: the Lord answered me, and set me in a
  large place.
</p>
<p>6 The Lord is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?</p>
<p>
  7 The Lord taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my
  desire upon them that hate me.
</p>
<p>8 It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man.</p>
<span></span>
<p>9 It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes.</p>
<p>
  10 All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the Lord will I destroy
  them.
</p>
<p>
  11 They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of
  the Lord I will destroy them.
</p>
<p>
  12 They compassed me about like bees; they are quenched as the fire of thorns:
  for in the name of the Lord I will destroy them.
</p>
<p>13 Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but the Lord helped me.</p>
<p>14 The Lord is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.</p>
<p>
  15 The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the
  righteous: the right hand of the Lord doeth valiantly.
</p>
<p>
  16 The right hand of the Lord is exalted: the right hand of the Lord doeth
  valiantly.
</p>
<p>17 I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the Lord.</p>
<p>
  18 The Lord hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.
</p>
<p>
  19 Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will
  praise the Lord:
</p>
<p>20 This gate of the Lord, into which the righteous shall enter.</p>
<p>
  21 I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.
</p>
<p>
  22 The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the
  corner.
</p>
<p>23 This is the Lord&#x2019;s doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.</p>
<p>
  24 This is the day which the Lord hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in
  it.
</p>
<p>
  25 Save now, I beseech thee, O Lord: O Lord, I beseech thee, send now
  prosperity.
</p>
<p>
  26 Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the Lord: we have blessed you out
  of the house of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  27 God is the Lord, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords,
  even unto the horns of the altar.
</p>
<p>
  28 Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  29 O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for
  ever.
</p>
