---
title: Psalm 119
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 119
---

<section id="sec_aleph">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443761" id="title1">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D0;</span> <span lang="heb">Aleph</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Blessed are they who keep the commandments.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    1 Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the Lord.
  </p>
  <p>
    2 Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the
    whole heart.
  </p>
  <p>3 They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways.</p>
  <p>4 Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently.</p>
  <p>5 O that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes!</p>
  <p>
    6 Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all thy
    commandments.
  </p>
  <p>
    7 I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned
    thy righteous judgments.
  </p>
  <p>8 I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_beth">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443771" id="title2">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D1;</span> <span lang="heb">Beth</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Ponder the precepts and ways of the Lord.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    9 Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto
    according to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    10 With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy
    commandments.
  </p>
  <span></span>
  <p>
    11 Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.
  </p>
  <p>12 Blessed art thou, O Lord: teach me thy statutes.</p>
  <p>13 With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth.</p>
  <p>
    14 I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies, as much as in all riches.
  </p>
  <p>15 I will meditate in thy precepts, and have respect unto thy ways.</p>
  <p>16 I will delight myself in thy statutes: I will not forget thy word.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_gimel">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443781" id="title3">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D2;</span> <span lang="heb">Gimel</span>
    </h2>
    <p>
      O Lord, open our eyes, that we may behold wondrous things out of Thy law.
    </p>
  </header>
  <p>
    17 Deal bountifully with thy servant, that I may live, and keep thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    18 Open thou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law.
  </p>
  <p>19 I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me.</p>
  <p>
    20 My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all
    times.
  </p>
  <p>
    21 Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy
    commandments.
  </p>
  <p>
    22 Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>
    23 Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant did meditate
    in thy statutes.
  </p>
  <p>24 Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_daleth">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443791" id="title4">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D3;</span> <span lang="heb">Daleth</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, grant us Thy law, and make us to understand Thy precepts.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    25 My soul cleaveth unto the dust: quicken thou me according to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    26 I have declared my ways, and thou heardest me: teach me thy statutes.
  </p>
  <p>
    27 Make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy
    wondrous works.
  </p>
  <p>
    28 My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy
    word.
  </p>
  <p>29 Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously.</p>
  <p>30 I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me.</p>
  <p>31 I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O Lord, put me not to shame.</p>
  <p>
    32 I will run the way of thy commandments, when thou shalt enlarge my heart.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_he">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443802" id="title5">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D4;</span> <span lang="heb">He</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, teach us Thy statutes, Thy law, and Thy commandments.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    33 Teach me, O Lord, the way of thy statutes; and I shall keep it unto the
    end.
  </p>
  <p>
    34 Give me understanding, and I shall keep thy law; yea, I shall observe it
    with my whole heart.
  </p>
  <p>
    35 Make me to go in the path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight.
  </p>
  <p>36 Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.</p>
  <p>
    37 Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy
    way.
  </p>
  <p>38 Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear.</p>
  <p>39 Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good.</p>
  <p>
    40 Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy
    righteousness.
  </p>
</section>
<span></span>
<section id="sec_vau">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128443812" id="title6">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D5;</span> <span lang="heb">Vau</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, give us mercy, truth, and salvation.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    41 Let thy mercies come also unto me, O Lord, even thy salvation, according
    to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    42 So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust
    in thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    43 And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped
    in thy judgments.
  </p>
  <p>44 So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever.</p>
  <p>45 And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts.</p>
  <p>
    46 I will speak of thy testimonies also before kings, and will not be
    ashamed.
  </p>
  <p>47 And I will delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved.</p>
  <p>
    48 My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved;
    and I will meditate in thy statutes.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_zain">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444837" id="title7">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D6;</span> <span lang="heb">Zain</span>
    </h2>
    <p>
      The Lord&#x2019;s statutes and judgments comfort us during our pilgrimage.
    </p>
  </header>
  <p>
    49 Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to
    hope.
  </p>
  <p>50 This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me.</p>
  <p>
    51 The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from
    thy law.
  </p>
  <p>
    52 I remembered thy judgments of old, O Lord; and have comforted myself.
  </p>
  <p>
    53 Horror hath taken hold upon me because of the wicked that forsake thy
    law.
  </p>
  <p>54 Thy statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage.</p>
  <p>
    55 I have remembered thy name, O Lord, in the night, and have kept thy law.
  </p>
  <p>56 This I had, because I kept thy precepts.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_cheth">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444847" id="title8">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D7;</span> <span lang="heb">Cheth</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Make faithful people our companions.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    57 Thou art my portion, O Lord: I have said that I would keep thy words.
  </p>
  <p>
    58 I entreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according
    to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>59 I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.</p>
  <p>60 I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments.</p>
  <p>
    61 The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.
  </p>
  <p>
    62 At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous
    judgments.
  </p>
  <p>
    63 I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy
    precepts.
  </p>
  <p>64 The earth, O Lord, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_teth">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444857" id="title9">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D8;</span> <span lang="heb">Teth</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, teach us Thy statutes.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    65 Thou hast dealt well with thy servant, O Lord, according unto thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    66 Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy
    commandments.
  </p>
  <p>67 Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word.</p>
  <p>68 Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes.</p>
  <p>
    69 The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with
    my whole heart.
  </p>
  <span></span>
  <p>70 Their heart is as fat as grease; but I delight in thy law.</p>
  <p>
    71 It is good for me that I have been afflicted; that I might learn thy
    statutes.
  </p>
  <p>
    72 The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_jod">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444867" id="title10">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5D9;</span> <span lang="heb">Jod</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, let Thy tender mercies come upon us.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    73 Thy hands have made me and fashioned me: give me understanding, that I
    may learn thy commandments.
  </p>
  <p>
    74 They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped
    in thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    75 I know, O Lord, that thy judgments are right, and that thou in
    faithfulness hast afflicted me.
  </p>
  <p>
    76 Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to
    thy word unto thy servant.
  </p>
  <p>
    77 Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my
    delight.
  </p>
  <p>
    78 Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a
    cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts.
  </p>
  <p>
    79 Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy
    testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>80 Let my heart be sound in thy statutes; that I be not ashamed.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_caph">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444878" id="title11">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5DB;</span> <span lang="heb">Caph</span>
    </h2>
    <p>All the Lord&#x2019;s commandments are faithful.</p>
  </header>
  <p>81 My soul fainteth for thy salvation: but I hope in thy word.</p>
  <p>82 Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me?</p>
  <p>
    83 For I am become like a bottle in the smoke; yet do I not forget thy
    statutes.
  </p>
  <p>
    84 How many are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on
    them that persecute me?
  </p>
  <p>85 The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law.</p>
  <p>
    86 All thy commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help
    thou me.
  </p>
  <p>
    87 They had almost consumed me upon earth; but I forsook not thy precepts.
  </p>
  <p>
    88 Quicken me after thy lovingkindness; so shall I keep the testimony of thy
    mouth.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_lamed">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444888" id="title12">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5DC;</span> <span lang="heb">Lamed</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, save us, for we have sought Thy precepts.</p>
  </header>
  <p>89 For ever, O Lord, thy word is settled in heaven.</p>
  <p>
    90 Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the
    earth, and it abideth.
  </p>
  <p>
    91 They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy
    servants.
  </p>
  <p>
    92 Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine
    affliction.
  </p>
  <p>
    93 I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me.
  </p>
  <p>94 I am thine, save me; for I have sought thy precepts.</p>
  <p>
    95 The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy
    testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>
    96 I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding
    broad.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_mem">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444903" id="title13">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5DE;</span> <span lang="heb">Mem</span>
    </h2>
    <p>
      The Lord&#x2019;s law and His testimonies should be our meditation all the
      day.
    </p>
  </header>
  <p>97 O how love I thy law! it is my meditation all the day.</p>
  <p>
    98 Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for
    they are ever with me.
  </p>
  <p>
    99 I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are
    my meditation.
  </p>
  <p>100 I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts.</p>
  <p>
    101 I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy
    word.
  </p>
  <p>102 I have not departed from thy judgments: for thou hast taught me.</p>
  <p>
    103 How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my
    mouth!
  </p>
  <p>
    104 Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false
    way.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_nun">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444927" id="title14">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E0;</span> <span lang="heb">Nun</span>
    </h2>
    <p>The Lord&#x2019;s word is a lamp unto our feet.</p>
  </header>
  <p>105 Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.</p>
  <p>
    106 I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous
    judgments.
  </p>
  <p>
    107 I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O Lord, according unto thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    108 Accept, I beseech thee, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O Lord, and
    teach me thy judgments.
  </p>
  <p>109 My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law.</p>
  <p>
    110 The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not from thy precepts.
  </p>
  <p>
    111 Thy testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever: for they are the
    rejoicing of my heart.
  </p>
  <p>
    112 I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway, even unto the
    end.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_samech">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444938" id="title15">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E1;</span> <span lang="heb">Samech</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Depart from evildoers and keep the commandments of God.</p>
  </header>
  <p>113 I hate vain thoughts: but thy law do I love.</p>
  <p>114 Thou art my hiding place and my shield: I hope in thy word.</p>
  <p>
    115 Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my
    God.
  </p>
  <p>
    116 Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be
    ashamed of my hope.
  </p>
  <p>
    117 Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy
    statutes continually.
  </p>
  <p>
    118 Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their
    deceit is falsehood.
  </p>
  <p>
    119 Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I
    love thy testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>
    120 My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_ain">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444948" id="title16">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E2;</span> <span lang="heb">Ain</span>
    </h2>
    <p>O Lord, we are Thy servants; give us understanding.</p>
  </header>
  <p>121 I have done judgment and justice: leave me not to mine oppressors.</p>
  <p>122 Be surety for thy servant for good: let not the proud oppress me.</p>
  <p>
    123 Mine eyes fail for thy salvation, and for the word of thy righteousness.
  </p>
  <p>
    124 Deal with thy servant according unto thy mercy, and teach me thy
    statutes.
  </p>
  <p>
    125 I am thy servant; give me understanding, that I may know thy
    testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>
    126 It is time for thee, Lord, to work: for they have made void thy law.
  </p>
  <p>127 Therefore I love thy commandments above gold; yea, above fine gold.</p>
  <p>
    128 Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right;
    and I hate every false way.
  </p>
</section>
<span></span>
<section id="sec_pe">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444958" id="title17">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E4;</span> <span lang="heb">Pe</span>
    </h2>
    <p>The Lord&#x2019;s testimonies are wonderful.</p>
  </header>
  <p>129 Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them.</p>
  <p>
    130 The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the
    simple.
  </p>
  <p>131 I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments.</p>
  <p>
    132 Look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, as thou usest to do unto
    those that love thy name.
  </p>
  <p>
    133 Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over
    me.
  </p>
  <p>134 Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts.</p>
  <p>135 Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; and teach me thy statutes.</p>
  <p>136 Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they keep not thy law.</p>
</section>
<section id="sec_tzaddi">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444427" id="title18">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E6;</span> <span lang="heb">Tzaddi</span>
    </h2>
    <p>The Lord&#x2019;s law is the truth.</p>
  </header>
  <p>137 Righteous art thou, O Lord, and upright are thy judgments.</p>
  <p>
    138 Thy testimonies that thou hast commanded are righteous and very
    faithful.
  </p>
  <p>
    139 My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words.
  </p>
  <p>140 Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.</p>
  <p>141 I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts.</p>
  <p>
    142 Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the
    truth.
  </p>
  <p>
    143 Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet thy commandments are my
    delights.
  </p>
  <p>
    144 The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: give me
    understanding, and I shall live.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_koph">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444437" id="title19">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E7;</span> <span lang="heb">Koph</span>
    </h2>
    <p>
      O Lord, hear the voice of Thy servants according to Thy loving kindness.
    </p>
  </header>
  <p>
    145 I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O Lord: I will keep thy statutes.
  </p>
  <p>146 I cried unto thee; save me, and I shall keep thy testimonies.</p>
  <p>
    147 I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    148 Mine eyes prevent the night watches, that I might meditate in thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    149 Hear my voice according unto thy lovingkindness: O Lord, quicken me
    according to thy judgment.
  </p>
  <p>
    150 They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far from thy law.
  </p>
  <p>151 Thou art near, O Lord; and all thy commandments are truth.</p>
  <p>
    152 Concerning thy testimonies, I have known of old that thou hast founded
    them for ever.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_resh">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444447" id="title20">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E8;</span> <span lang="heb">Resh</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Great are Thy tender mercies, O Lord.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    153 Consider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law.
  </p>
  <p>154 Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to thy word.</p>
  <p>155 Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statutes.</p>
  <p>
    156 Great are thy tender mercies, O Lord: quicken me according to thy
    judgments.
  </p>
  <p>
    157 Many are my persecutors and mine enemies; yet do I not decline from thy
    testimonies.
  </p>
  <p>
    158 I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept not thy
    word.
  </p>
  <p>
    159 Consider how I love thy precepts: quicken me, O Lord, according to thy
    lovingkindness.
  </p>
  <p>
    160 Thy word is true from the beginning: and every one of thy righteous
    judgments endureth for ever.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_schin">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444458" id="title21">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5E9;</span> <span lang="heb">Schin</span>
    </h2>
    <p>Those who love the Lord&#x2019;s law have peace.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    161 Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe
    of thy word.
  </p>
  <p>162 I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil.</p>
  <p>163 I hate and abhor lying: but thy law do I love.</p>
  <p>
    164 Seven times a day do I praise thee because of thy righteous judgments.
  </p>
  <p>
    165 Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.
  </p>
  <p>166 Lord, I have hoped for thy salvation, and done thy commandments.</p>
  <p>167 My soul hath kept thy testimonies; and I love them exceedingly.</p>
  <p>
    168 I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before
    thee.
  </p>
</section>
<section id="sec_tau">
  <header>
    <h2 data-aid="128444468" id="title22">
      <span lang="heb">&#x5EA;</span> <span lang="heb">Tau</span>
    </h2>
    <p>All the Lord&#x2019;s commandments are righteousness.</p>
  </header>
  <p>
    169 Let my cry come near before thee, O Lord: give me understanding
    according to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>
    170 Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word.
  </p>
  <p>171 My lips shall utter praise, when thou hast taught me thy statutes.</p>
  <p>
    172 My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are
    righteousness.
  </p>
  <p>173 Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts.</p>
  <p>174 I have longed for thy salvation, O Lord; and thy law is my delight.</p>
  <p>
    175 Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help
    me.
  </p>
  <p>
    176 I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not
    forget thy commandments.
  </p>
</section>
