---
title: Psalm 132
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:31 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 132
---

<p>1 Lord, remember David, and all his afflictions:</p>
<p>2 How he sware unto the Lord, and vowed unto the mighty God of Jacob;</p>
<p>
  3 Surely I will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my
  bed;
</p>
<p>4 I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids,</p>
<p>
  5 Until I find out a place for the Lord, an habitation for the mighty God of
  Jacob.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>6 Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in the fields of the wood.</p>
<p>7 We will go into his tabernacles: we will worship at his footstool.</p>
<p>8 Arise, O Lord, into thy rest; thou, and the ark of thy strength.</p>
<p>
  9 Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and let thy saints shout for
  joy.
</p>
<p>
  10 For thy servant David&#x2019;s sake turn not away the face of thine
  anointed.
</p>
<p>
  11 The Lord hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from it; Of the
  fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne.
</p>
<p>
  12 If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach
  them, their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore.
</p>
<p>13 For the Lord hath chosen Zion; he hath desired it for his habitation.</p>
<p>14 This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it.</p>
<p>
  15 I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with bread.
</p>
<p>
  16 I will also clothe her priests with salvation: and her saints shall shout
  aloud for joy.
</p>
<p>
  17 There will I make the horn of David to bud: I have ordained a lamp for mine
  anointed.
</p>
<p>
  18 His enemies will I clothe with shame: but upon himself shall his crown
  flourish.
</p>
