---
title: Psalm 135
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 135
---

<p>
  1 Praise ye the Lord. Praise ye the name of the Lord; praise him, O ye
  servants of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  2 Ye that stand in the house of the Lord, in the courts of the house of our
  God,
</p>
<p>
  3 Praise the Lord; for the Lord is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is
  pleasant.
</p>
<p>
  4 For the Lord hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar
  treasure.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>5 For I know that the Lord is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.</p>
<p>
  6 Whatsoever the Lord pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the
  seas, and all deep places.
</p>
<p>
  7 He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh
  lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.
</p>
<p>8 Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast.</p>
<p>
  9 Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh,
  and upon all his servants.
</p>
<p>10 Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;</p>
<p>
  11 Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of
  Canaan:
</p>
<p>
  12 And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thy name, O Lord, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O Lord, throughout
  all generations.
</p>
<p>
  14 For the Lord will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning
  his servants.
</p>
<p>
  15 The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men&#x2019;s
  hands.
</p>
<p>
  16 They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;
</p>
<p>
  17 They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their
  mouths.
</p>
<p>
  18 They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in
  them.
</p>
<p>19 Bless the Lord, O house of Israel: bless the Lord, O house of Aaron:</p>
<p>
  20 Bless the Lord, O house of Levi: ye that fear the Lord, bless the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  21 Blessed be the Lord out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the
  Lord.
</p>
