---
title: Psalm 136
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 136
---

<p>
  1 O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for
  ever.
</p>
<p>2 O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>3 O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>4 To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>
  5 To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever.
</p>
<p>
  6 To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth
  for ever.
</p>
<p>7 To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>8 The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>9 The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>
  10 To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endureth for
  ever:
</p>
<p>
  11 And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever:
</p>
<p>
  12 With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth
  for ever.
</p>
<p>
  13 To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for
  ever:
</p>
<p>
  14 And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for
  ever:
</p>
<p>
  15 But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth
  for ever.
</p>
<p>
  16 To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth
  for ever.
</p>
<p>17 To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>18 And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>19 Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>20 And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>21 And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>
  22 Even an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever.
</p>
<p>23 Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endureth for ever:</p>
<p>
  24 And hath redeemed us from our enemies: for his mercy endureth for ever.
</p>
<p>25 Who giveth food to all flesh: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
<p>26 O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever.</p>
