---
title: Psalm 139
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:33 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 139
---

<p>1 O Lord, thou hast searched me, and known me.</p>
<p>
  2 Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising, thou understandest my thought
  afar off.
</p>
<p>
  3 Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my
  ways.
</p>
<p>
  4 For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O Lord, thou knowest it
  altogether.
</p>
<p>5 Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me.</p>
<p>
  6 Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it.
</p>
<p>
  7 Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy
  presence?
</p>
<p>
  8 If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in hell,
  behold, thou art there.
</p>
<p>
  9 If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the
  sea;
</p>
<p>10 Even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me.</p>
<p>
  11 If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light
  about me.
</p>
<p>
  12 Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day:
  the darkness and the light are both alike to thee.
</p>
<p>
  13 For thou hast possessed my reins: thou hast covered me in my
  mother&#x2019;s womb.
</p>
<p>
  14 I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are
  thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.
</p>
<p>
  15 My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and
  curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  16 Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all
  my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet
  there was none of them.
</p>
<p>
  17 How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of
  them!
</p>
<p>
  18 If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I
  awake, I am still with thee.
</p>
<p>
  19 Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye
  bloody men.
</p>
<p>
  20 For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in
  vain.
</p>
<p>
  21 Do not I hate them, O Lord, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those
  that rise up against thee?
</p>
<p>22 I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies.</p>
<p>23 Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  24 And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way
  everlasting.
</p>
