---
title: Psalm 145
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 145
---

<p>
  1 I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and
  ever.
</p>
<p>
  2 Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever.
</p>
<p>
  3 Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is
  unsearchable.
</p>
<p>
  4 One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy
  mighty acts.
</p>
<p>
  5 I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous
  works.
</p>
<p>
  6 And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare
  thy greatness.
</p>
<p>
  7 They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing
  of thy righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  8 The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great
  mercy.
</p>
<p>9 The Lord is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.</p>
<p>
  10 All thy works shall praise thee, O Lord; and thy saints shall bless thee.
</p>
<p>11 They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power;</p>
<p>
  12 To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty
  of his kingdom.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout
  all generations.
</p>
<p>
  14 The Lord upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed
  down.
</p>
<p>
  15 The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due
  season.
</p>
<p>
  16 Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing.
</p>
<p>17 The Lord is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works.</p>
<p>
  18 The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon
  him in truth.
</p>
<p>
  19 He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their
  cry, and will save them.
</p>
<p>
  20 The Lord preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he
  destroy.
</p>
<p>
  21 My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord: and let all flesh bless his
  holy name for ever and ever.
</p>
