---
title: Psalm 147
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 147
---

<p>
  1 Praise ye the Lord: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is
  pleasant; and praise is comely.
</p>
<p>
  2 The Lord doth build up Jerusalem: he gathereth together the outcasts of
  Israel.
</p>
<p>3 He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds.</p>
<p>4 He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names.</p>
<p>5 Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite.</p>
<p>6 The Lord lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground.</p>
<p>
  7 Sing unto the Lord with thanksgiving; sing praise upon the harp unto our
  God:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  8 Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who
  maketh grass to grow upon the mountains.
</p>
<p>9 He giveth to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry.</p>
<p>
  10 He delighteth not in the strength of the horse: he taketh not pleasure in
  the legs of a man.
</p>
<p>
  11 The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his
  mercy.
</p>
<p>12 Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem; praise thy God, O Zion.</p>
<p>
  13 For he hath strengthened the bars of thy gates; he hath blessed thy
  children within thee.
</p>
<p>
  14 He maketh peace in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the
  wheat.
</p>
<p>
  15 He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly.
</p>
<p>16 He giveth snow like wool: he scattereth the hoarfrost like ashes.</p>
<p>17 He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who can stand before his cold?</p>
<p>
  18 He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and
  the waters flow.
</p>
<p>
  19 He sheweth his word unto Jacob, his statutes and his judgments unto Israel.
</p>
<p>
  20 He hath not dealt so with any nation: and as for his judgments, they have
  not known them. Praise ye the Lord.
</p>
