---
title: Psalm 17
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:42 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 17
---

<p>
  1 Hear the right, O Lord, attend unto my cry, give ear unto my prayer, that
  goeth not out of feigned lips.
</p>
<p>
  2 Let my sentence come forth from thy presence; let thine eyes behold the
  things that are equal.
</p>
<p>
  3 Thou hast proved mine heart; thou hast visited me in the night; thou hast
  tried me, and shalt find nothing; I am purposed that my mouth shall not
  transgress.
</p>
<p>
  4 Concerning the works of men, by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the
  paths of the destroyer.
</p>
<p>5 Hold up my goings in thy paths, that my footsteps slip not.</p>
<p>
  6 I have called upon thee, for thou wilt hear me, O God: incline thine ear
  unto me, and hear my speech.
</p>
<p>
  7 Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand
  them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up against them.
</p>
<p>8 Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of thy wings,</p>
<p>
  9 From the wicked that oppress me, from my deadly enemies, who compass me
  about.
</p>
<p>
  10 They are inclosed in their own fat: with their mouth they speak proudly.
</p>
<p>
  11 They have now compassed us in our steps: they have set their eyes bowing
  down to the earth;
</p>
<p>
  12 Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion
  lurking in secret places.
</p>
<p>
  13 Arise, O Lord, disappoint him, cast him down: deliver my soul from the
  wicked, which is thy sword:
</p>
<p>
  14 From men which are thy hand, O Lord, from men of the world, which have
  their portion in this life, and whose belly thou fillest with thy hid
  treasure: they are full of children, and leave the rest of their substance to
  their babes.
</p>
<p>
  15 As for me, I will behold thy face in righteousness: I shall be satisfied,
  when I awake, with thy likeness.
</p>
