---
title: Psalm 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:44 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>1 I will love thee, O Lord, my strength.</p>
<p>
  2 The Lord is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength,
  in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high
  tower.
</p>
<p>
  3 I will call upon the Lord, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved
  from mine enemies.
</p>
<p>
  4 The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me
  afraid.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  5 The sorrows of hell compassed me about: the snares of death prevented me.
</p>
<p>
  6 In my distress I called upon the Lord, and cried unto my God: he heard my
  voice out of his temple, and my cry came before him, even into his ears.
</p>
<p>
  7 Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations also of the hills moved
  and were shaken, because he was wroth.
</p>
<p>
  8 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth
  devoured: coals were kindled by it.
</p>
<p>
  9 He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet.
</p>
<p>
  10 And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly: yea, he did fly upon the wings of
  the wind.
</p>
<p>
  11 He made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark
  waters and thick clouds of the skies.
</p>
<p>
  12 At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed, hail stones
  and coals of fire.
</p>
<p>
  13 The Lord also thundered in the heavens, and the Highest gave his voice;
  hail stones and coals of fire.
</p>
<p>
  14 Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered them; and he shot out
  lightnings, and discomfited them.
</p>
<p>
  15 Then the channels of waters were seen, and the foundations of the world
  were discovered at thy rebuke, O Lord, at the blast of the breath of thy
  nostrils.
</p>
<p>16 He sent from above, he took me, he drew me out of many waters.</p>
<p>
  17 He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for
  they were too strong for me.
</p>
<p>18 They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the Lord was my stay.</p>
<p>
  19 He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he
  delighted in me.
</p>
<p>
  20 The Lord rewarded me according to my righteousness; according to the
  cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.
</p>
<p>
  21 For I have kept the ways of the Lord, and have not wickedly departed from
  my God.
</p>
<p>
  22 For all his judgments were before me, and I did not put away his statutes
  from me.
</p>
<p>23 I was also upright before him, and I kept myself from mine iniquity.</p>
<p>
  24 Therefore hath the Lord recompensed me according to my righteousness,
  according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.
</p>
<p>
  25 With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful; with an upright man thou
  wilt shew thyself upright;
</p>
<p>
  26 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt
  shew thyself froward.
</p>
<p>
  27 For thou wilt save the afflicted people; but wilt bring down high looks.
</p>
<p>
  28 For thou wilt light my candle: the Lord my God will enlighten my darkness.
</p>
<p>
  29 For by thee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a
  wall.
</p>
<p>
  30 As for God, his way is perfect: the word of the Lord is tried: he is a
  buckler to all those that trust in him.
</p>
<p>31 For who is God save the Lord? or who is a rock save our God?</p>
<p>32 It is God that girdeth me with strength, and maketh my way perfect.</p>
<p>
  33 He maketh my feet like hinds&#x2019; feet, and setteth me upon my high
  places.
</p>
<p>
  34 He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  35 Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and thy right hand
  hath holden me up, and thy gentleness hath made me great.
</p>
<p>36 Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet did not slip.</p>
<p>
  37 I have pursued mine enemies, and overtaken them: neither did I turn again
  till they were consumed.
</p>
<p>
  38 I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under
  my feet.
</p>
<p>
  39 For thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle: thou hast subdued
  under me those that rose up against me.
</p>
<p>
  40 Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies; that I might destroy
  them that hate me.
</p>
<p>
  41 They cried, but there was none to save them: even unto the Lord, but he
  answered them not.
</p>
<p>
  42 Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out
  as the dirt in the streets.
</p>
<p>
  43 Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people; and thou hast made
  me the head of the heathen: a people whom I have not known shall serve me.
</p>
<p>
  44 As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit
  themselves unto me.
</p>
<p>
  45 The strangers shall fade away, and be afraid out of their close places.
</p>
<p>
  46 The Lord liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be
  exalted.
</p>
<p>47 It is God that avengeth me, and subdueth the people under me.</p>
<p>
  48 He delivereth me from mine enemies: yea, thou liftest me up above those
  that rise up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.
</p>
<p>
  49 Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O Lord, among the heathen, and sing
  praises unto thy name.
</p>
<p>
  50 Great deliverance giveth he to his king; and sheweth mercy to his anointed,
  to David, and to his seed for evermore.
</p>
