---
title: Psalm 21
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:47 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 21
---

<p>
  1 The king shall joy in thy strength, O Lord; and in thy salvation how greatly
  shall he rejoice!
</p>
<p>
  2 Thou hast given him his heart&#x2019;s desire, and hast not withholden the
  request of his lips. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  3 For thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness: thou settest a crown
  of pure gold on his head.
</p>
<p>
  4 He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of days for ever
  and ever.
</p>
<p>
  5 His glory is great in thy salvation: honour and majesty hast thou laid upon
  him.
</p>
<p>
  6 For thou hast made him most blessed for ever: thou hast made him exceeding
  glad with thy countenance.
</p>
<p>
  7 For the king trusteth in the Lord, and through the mercy of the most High he
  shall not be moved.
</p>
<p>
  8 Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out
  those that hate thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger: the Lord
  shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them.
</p>
<p>
  10 Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among
  the children of men.
</p>
<p>
  11 For they intended evil against thee: they imagined a mischievous device,
  which they are not able to perform.
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore shalt thou make them turn their back, when thou shalt make ready
  thine arrows upon thy strings against the face of them.
</p>
<p>
  13 Be thou exalted, Lord, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise
  thy power.
</p>
