---
title: Psalm 25
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:51 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 25
---

<p>1 Unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.</p>
<p>
  2 O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies
  triumph over me.
</p>
<p>
  3 Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which
  transgress without cause.
</p>
<p>4 Shew me thy ways, O Lord; teach me thy paths.</p>
<p>
  5 Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on
  thee do I wait all the day.
</p>
<p>
  6 Remember, O Lord, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have
  been ever of old.
</p>
<p>
  7 Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to thy
  mercy remember thou me for thy goodness&#x2019; sake, O Lord.
</p>
<p>
  8 Good and upright is the Lord: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.
</p>
<p>9 The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way.</p>
<p>
  10 All the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth unto such as keep his
  covenant and his testimonies.
</p>
<p>
  11 For thy name&#x2019;s sake, O Lord, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.
</p>
<p>
  12 What man is he that feareth the Lord? him shall he teach in the way that he
  shall choose.
</p>
<p>13 His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.</p>
<p>
  14 The secret of the Lord is with them that fear him; and he will shew them
  his covenant.
</p>
<p>
  15 Mine eyes are ever toward the Lord; for he shall pluck my feet out of the
  net.
</p>
<p>
  16 Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted.
</p>
<p>
  17 The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my
  distresses.
</p>
<p>18 Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.</p>
<p>
  19 Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel
  hatred.
</p>
<p>
  20 O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust
  in thee.
</p>
<p>21 Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee.</p>
<p>22 Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.</p>
