---
title: Psalm 33
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 33
---

<p>
  1 Rejoice in the Lord, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the upright.
</p>
<p>
  2 Praise the Lord with harp: sing unto him with the psaltery and an instrument
  of ten strings.
</p>
<p>3 Sing unto him a new song; play skilfully with a loud noise.</p>
<p>4 For the word of the Lord is right; and all his works are done in truth.</p>
<p>
  5 He loveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by
  the breath of his mouth.
</p>
<p>
  7 He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: he layeth up the
  depth in storehouses.
</p>
<p>
  8 Let all the earth fear the Lord: let all the inhabitants of the world stand
  in awe of him.
</p>
<p>9 For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.</p>
<p>
  10 The Lord bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the
  devices of the people of none effect.
</p>
<p>
  11 The counsel of the Lord standeth for ever, the thoughts of his heart to all
  generations.
</p>
<p>
  12 Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord; and the people whom he hath
  chosen for his own inheritance.
</p>
<p>13 The Lord looketh from heaven; he beholdeth all the sons of men.</p>
<p>
  14 From the place of his habitation he looketh upon all the inhabitants of the
  earth.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>15 He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works.</p>
<p>
  16 There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not
  delivered by much strength.
</p>
<p>
  17 An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his
  great strength.
</p>
<p>
  18 Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope
  in his mercy;
</p>
<p>19 To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine.</p>
<p>20 Our soul waiteth for the Lord: he is our help and our shield.</p>
<p>
  21 For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy
  name.
</p>
<p>22 Let thy mercy, O Lord, be upon us, according as we hope in thee.</p>
