---
title: Psalm 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>
  1 I will bless the Lord at all times: his praise shall continually be in my
  mouth.
</p>
<p>
  2 My soul shall make her boast in the Lord: the humble shall hear thereof, and
  be glad.
</p>
<p>3 O magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt his name together.</p>
<p>4 I sought the Lord, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.</p>
<p>
  5 They looked unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed.
</p>
<p>
  6 This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him, and saved him out of all his
  troubles.
</p>
<p>
  7 The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him, and
  delivereth them.
</p>
<p>
  8 O taste and see that the Lord is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in
  him.
</p>
<p>
  9 O fear the Lord, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him.
</p>
<p>
  10 The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the Lord
  shall not want any good thing.
</p>
<p>
  11 Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  12 What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see
  good?
</p>
<p>13 Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile.</p>
<p>14 Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it.</p>
<p>
  15 The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto
  their cry.
</p>
<p>
  16 The face of the Lord is against them that do evil, to cut off the
  remembrance of them from the earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and delivereth them out of all
  their troubles.
</p>
<p>
  18 The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as
  be of a contrite spirit.
</p>
<p>
  19 Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the Lord delivereth him out
  of them all.
</p>
<p>20 He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken.</p>
<p>
  21 Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be
  desolate.
</p>
<p>
  22 The Lord redeemeth the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in
  him shall be desolate.
</p>
