---
title: Psalm 37
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 37
---

<p>
  1 Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the
  workers of iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  2 For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green
  herb.
</p>
<p>
  3 Trust in the Lord, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily
  thou shalt be fed.
</p>
<p>
  4 Delight thyself also in the Lord; and he shall give thee the desires of
  thine heart.
</p>
<p>
  5 Commit thy way unto the Lord; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to
  pass.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as
  the noonday.
</p>
<p>
  7 Rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of
  him who prospereth in his way, because of the man who bringeth wicked devices
  to pass.
</p>
<p>
  8 Cease from anger, and forsake wrath: fret not thyself in any wise to do
  evil.
</p>
<p>
  9 For evildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait upon the Lord, they
  shall inherit the earth.
</p>
<p>
  10 For yet a little while, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou shalt
  diligently consider his place, and it shall not be.
</p>
<p>
  11 But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the
  abundance of peace.
</p>
<p>
  12 The wicked plotteth against the just, and gnasheth upon him with his teeth.
</p>
<p>13 The Lord shall laugh at him: for he seeth that his day is coming.</p>
<p>
  14 The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down
  the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation.
</p>
<p>
  15 Their sword shall enter into their own heart, and their bows shall be
  broken.
</p>
<p>
  16 A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many
  wicked.
</p>
<p>
  17 For the arms of the wicked shall be broken: but the Lord upholdeth the
  righteous.
</p>
<p>
  18 The Lord knoweth the days of the upright: and their inheritance shall be
  for ever.
</p>
<p>
  19 They shall not be ashamed in the evil time: and in the days of famine they
  shall be satisfied.
</p>
<p>
  20 But the wicked shall perish, and the enemies of the Lord shall be as the
  fat of lambs: they shall consume; into smoke shall they consume away.
</p>
<p>
  21 The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous sheweth
  mercy, and giveth.
</p>
<p>
  22 For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be
  cursed of him shall be cut off.
</p>
<p>
  23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord: and he delighteth in his
  way.
</p>
<p>
  24 Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the Lord upholdeth
  him with his hand.
</p>
<p>
  25 I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous
  forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
</p>
<p>26 He is ever merciful, and lendeth; and his seed is blessed.</p>
<p>27 Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for evermore.</p>
<p>
  28 For the Lord loveth judgment, and forsaketh not his saints; they are
  preserved for ever: but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off.
</p>
<p>29 The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever.</p>
<p>
  30 The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom, and his tongue talketh of
  judgment.
</p>
<p>31 The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps shall slide.</p>
<p>32 The wicked watcheth the righteous, and seeketh to slay him.</p>
<p>
  33 The Lord will not leave him in his hand, nor condemn him when he is judged.
</p>
<p>
  34 Wait on the Lord, and keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the
  land: when the wicked are cut off, thou shalt see it.
</p>
<p>
  35 I have seen the wicked in great power, and spreading himself like a green
  bay tree.
</p>
<p>
  36 Yet he passed away, and, lo, he was not: yea, I sought him, but he could
  not be found.
</p>
<p>
  37 Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is
  peace.
</p>
<p>
  38 But the transgressors shall be destroyed together: the end of the wicked
  shall be cut off.
</p>
<p>
  39 But the salvation of the righteous is of the Lord: he is their strength in
  the time of trouble.
</p>
<p>
  40 And the Lord shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from
  the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him.
</p>
