---
title: Psalm 38
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:00 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 38
---

<p>
  1 O Lord, rebuke me not in thy wrath: neither chasten me in thy hot
  displeasure.
</p>
<p>2 For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore.</p>
<p>
  3 There is no soundness in my flesh because of thine anger; neither is there
  any rest in my bones because of my sin.
</p>
<p>
  4 For mine iniquities are gone over mine head: as an heavy burden they are too
  heavy for me.
</p>
<p>5 My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness.</p>
<p>6 I am troubled; I am bowed down greatly; I go mourning all the day long.</p>
<p>
  7 For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no soundness
  in my flesh.
</p>
<p>
  8 I am feeble and sore broken: I have roared by reason of the disquietness of
  my heart.
</p>
<p>
  9 Lord, all my desire is before thee; and my groaning is not hid from thee.
</p>
<p>
  10 My heart panteth, my strength faileth me: as for the light of mine eyes, it
  also is gone from me.
</p>
<p>
  11 My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand
  afar off.
</p>
<p>
  12 They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my
  hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.
</p>
<p>
  13 But I, as a deaf man, heard not; and I was as a dumb man that openeth not
  his mouth.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thus I was as a man that heareth not, and in whose mouth are no reproofs.
</p>
<p>15 For in thee, O Lord, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God.</p>
<p>
  16 For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my
  foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me.
</p>
<p>17 For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me.</p>
<p>18 For I will declare mine iniquity; I will be sorry for my sin.</p>
<p>
  19 But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they that hate me
  wrongfully are multiplied.
</p>
<p>
  20 They also that render evil for good are mine adversaries; because I follow
  the thing that good is.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>21 Forsake me not, O Lord: O my God, be not far from me.</p>
<p>22 Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.</p>
