---
title: Psalm 40
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:00 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 40
---

<p>
  1 I waited patiently for the Lord; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.
</p>
<p>
  2 He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set
  my feet upon a rock, and established my goings.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall
  see it, and fear, and shall trust in the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  4 Blessed is that man that maketh the Lord his trust, and respecteth not the
  proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.
</p>
<p>
  5 Many, O Lord my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy
  thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee:
  if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.
</p>
<p>
  6 Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened:
  burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required.
</p>
<p>7 Then said I, Lo, I come: in the volume of the book it is written of me,</p>
<p>8 I delight to do thy will, O my God: yea, thy law is within my heart.</p>
<p>
  9 I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not
  refrained my lips, O Lord, thou knowest.
</p>
<p>
  10 I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy
  faithfulness and thy salvation: I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and
  thy truth from the great congregation.
</p>
<p>
  11 Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O Lord: let thy
  lovingkindness and thy truth continually preserve me.
</p>
<p>
  12 For innumerable evils have compassed me about: mine iniquities have taken
  hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up; they are more than the hairs
  of mine head: therefore my heart faileth me.
</p>
<p>13 Be pleased, O Lord, to deliver me: O Lord, make haste to help me.</p>
<p>
  14 Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to
  destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil.
</p>
<p>
  15 Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, Aha,
  aha.
</p>
<p>
  16 Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love
  thy salvation say continually, The Lord be magnified.
</p>
<p>
  17 But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help
  and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.
</p>
