---
title: Psalm 45
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 45
---

<p>
  1 My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made
  touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
</p>
<p>
  2 Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips:
  therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
</p>
<p>
  3 Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy
  majesty.
</p>
<p>
  4 And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and
  righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king&#x2019;s enemies; whereby
  the people fall under thee.
</p>
<p>
  6 Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a
  right sceptre.
</p>
<p>
  7 Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God,
  hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
</p>
<p>
  8 All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory
  palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
</p>
<p>
  9 Kings&#x2019; daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand
  did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.
</p>
<p>
  10 Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine
  own people, and thy father&#x2019;s house;
</p>
<p>
  11 So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and
  worship thou him.
</p>
<p>
  12 And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among
  the people shall entreat thy favour.
</p>
<p>
  13 The king&#x2019;s daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of
  wrought gold.
</p>
<p>
  14 She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins
  her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  15 With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into
  the king&#x2019;s palace.
</p>
<p>
  16 Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes
  in all the earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall
  the people praise thee for ever and ever.
</p>
