---
title: Psalm 49
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 49
---

<p>1 Hear this, all ye people; give ear, all ye inhabitants of the world:</p>
<p>2 Both low and high, rich and poor, together.</p>
<p>
  3 My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of
  understanding.
</p>
<p>
  4 I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the
  harp.
</p>
<p>
  5 Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil, when the iniquity of my heels
  shall compass me about?
</p>
<p>
  6 They that trust in their wealth, and boast themselves in the multitude of
  their riches;
</p>
<p>
  7 None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom
  for him:
</p>
<p>
  8 (For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for ever:)
</p>
<p>9 That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption.</p>
<p>
  10 For he seeth that wise men die, likewise the fool and the brutish person
  perish, and leave their wealth to others.
</p>
<p>
  11 Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and
  their dwelling places to all generations; they call their lands after their
  own names.
</p>
<p>
  12 Nevertheless man being in honour abideth not: he is like the beasts that
  perish.
</p>
<p>
  13 This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings.
  Selah.
</p>
<p>
  14 Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the
  upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall
  consume in the grave from their dwelling.
</p>
<p>
  15 But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave: for he shall
  receive me. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  16 Be not thou afraid when one is made rich, when the glory of his house is
  increased;
</p>
<p>
  17 For when he dieth he shall carry nothing away: his glory shall not descend
  after him.
</p>
<p>
  18 Though while he lived he blessed his soul: and men will praise thee, when
  thou doest well to thyself.
</p>
<p>
  19 He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light.
</p>
<p>
  20 Man that is in honour, and understandeth not, is like the beasts that
  perish.
</p>
