---
title: Psalm 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:27 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>1 Give ear to my words, O Lord, consider my meditation.</p>
<p>
  2 Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I
  pray.
</p>
<p>
  3 My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O Lord; in the morning will I
  direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up.
</p>
<p>
  4 For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil
  dwell with thee.
</p>
<p>
  5 The foolish shall not stand in thy sight: thou hatest all workers of
  iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  6 Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the Lord will abhor the bloody
  and deceitful man.
</p>
<p>
  7 But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and
  in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.
</p>
<p>
  8 Lead me, O Lord, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way
  straight before my face.
</p>
<p>
  9 For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very
  wickedness; their throat is an open sepulchre; they flatter with their tongue.
</p>
<p>
  10 Destroy thou them, O God; let them fall by their own counsels; cast them
  out in the multitude of their transgressions; for they have rebelled against
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  11 But let all those that put their trust in thee rejoice: let them ever shout
  for joy, because thou defendest them: let them also that love thy name be
  joyful in thee.
</p>
<p>
  12 For thou, Lord, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him
  as with a shield.
</p>
