---
title: Psalm 50
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 50
---

<p>
  1 The mighty God, even the Lord, hath spoken, and called the earth from the
  rising of the sun unto the going down thereof.
</p>
<p>2 Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God hath shined.</p>
<p>
  3 Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before
  him, and it shall be very tempestuous round about him.
</p>
<p>
  4 He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the earth, that he may judge
  his people.
</p>
<p>
  5 Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me
  by sacrifice.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself.
  Selah.
</p>
<p>
  7 Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against
  thee: I am God, even thy God.
</p>
<p>
  8 I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt offerings, to have
  been continually before me.
</p>
<p>9 I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he goats out of thy folds.</p>
<p>
  10 For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand
  hills.
</p>
<p>
  11 I know all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are
  mine.
</p>
<p>
  12 If I were hungry, I would not tell thee: for the world is mine, and the
  fulness thereof.
</p>
<p>13 Will I eat the flesh of bulls, or drink the blood of goats?</p>
<p>14 Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High:</p>
<p>
  15 And call upon me in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shalt
  glorify me.
</p>
<p>
  16 But unto the wicked God saith, What hast thou to do to declare my statutes,
  or that thou shouldest take my covenant in thy mouth?
</p>
<p>17 Seeing thou hatest instruction, and castest my words behind thee.</p>
<p>
  18 When thou sawest a thief, then thou consentedst with him, and hast been
  partaker with adulterers.
</p>
<p>19 Thou givest thy mouth to evil, and thy tongue frameth deceit.</p>
<p>
  20 Thou sittest and speakest against thy brother; thou slanderest thine own
  mother&#x2019;s son.
</p>
<p>
  21 These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou thoughtest that I was
  altogether such an one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set them in
  order before thine eyes.
</p>
<p>
  22 Now consider this, ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there
  be none to deliver.
</p>
<p>
  23 Whoso offereth praise glorifieth me: and to him that ordereth his
  conversation aright will I shew the salvation of God.
</p>
