---
title: Psalm 51
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 51
---

<p>
  1 Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto
  the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions.
</p>
<p>2 Wash me throughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin.</p>
<p>3 For I acknowledge my transgressions: and my sin is ever before me.</p>
<p>
  4 Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight:
  that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou
  judgest.
</p>
<p>5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.</p>
<p>
  6 Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part thou
  shalt make me to know wisdom.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: wash me, and I shall be whiter
  than snow.
</p>
<p>
  8 Make me to hear joy and gladness; that the bones which thou hast broken may
  rejoice.
</p>
<p>9 Hide thy face from my sins, and blot out all mine iniquities.</p>
<p>10 Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.</p>
<p>
  11 Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me.
</p>
<p>
  12 Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free
  spirit.
</p>
<p>
  13 Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted
  unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  14 Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, thou God of my salvation: and my
  tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness.
</p>
<p>15 O Lord, open thou my lips; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise.</p>
<p>
  16 For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not
  in burnt offering.
</p>
<p>
  17 The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O
  God, thou wilt not despise.
</p>
<p>
  18 Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt
  offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine
  altar.
</p>
