---
title: Psalm 59
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 59
---

<p>
  1 Deliver me from mine enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up
  against me.
</p>
<p>2 Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 For, lo, they lie in wait for my soul: the mighty are gathered against me;
  not for my transgression, nor for my sin, O Lord.
</p>
<p>
  4 They run and prepare themselves without my fault: awake to help me, and
  behold.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou therefore, O Lord God of hosts, the God of Israel, awake to visit all
  the heathen: be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  6 They return at evening: they make a noise like a dog, and go round about the
  city.
</p>
<p>
  7 Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their lips: for who,
  say they, doth hear?
</p>
<p>
  8 But thou, O Lord, shalt laugh at them; thou shalt have all the heathen in
  derision.
</p>
<p>9 Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence.</p>
<p>
  10 The God of my mercy shall prevent me: God shall let me see my desire upon
  mine enemies.
</p>
<p>
  11 Slay them not, lest my people forget: scatter them by thy power; and bring
  them down, O Lord our shield.
</p>
<p>
  12 For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be
  taken in their pride: and for cursing and lying which they speak.
</p>
<p>
  13 Consume them in wrath, consume them, that they may not be: and let them
  know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  14 And at evening let them return; and let them make a noise like a dog, and
  go round about the city.
</p>
<p>
  15 Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied.
</p>
<p>
  16 But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the
  morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.
</p>
<p>
  17 Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God
  of my mercy.
</p>
