---
title: Psalm 65
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:08 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 65
---

<p>
  1 Praise waiteth for thee, O God, in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be
  performed.
</p>
<p>2 O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come.</p>
<p>
  3 Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge
  them away.
</p>
<p>
  4 Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee,
  that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of
  thy house, even of thy holy temple.
</p>
<p>
  5 By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us, O God of our
  salvation; who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth, and of them
  that are afar off upon the sea:
</p>
<p>
  6 Which by his strength setteth fast the mountains; being girded with power:
</p>
<p>
  7 Which stilleth the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the
  tumult of the people.
</p>
<p>
  8 They also that dwell in the uttermost parts are afraid at thy tokens: thou
  makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to rejoice.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly enrichest it with the
  river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast
  so provided for it.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows
  thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest the springing
  thereof.
</p>
<p>11 Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy paths drop fatness.</p>
<p>
  12 They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice
  on every side.
</p>
<p>
  13 The pastures are clothed with flocks; the valleys also are covered over
  with corn; they shout for joy, they also sing.
</p>
