---
title: Psalm 66
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:08 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 66
---

<p>1 Make a joyful noise unto God, all ye lands:</p>
<p>2 Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious.</p>
<p>
  3 Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of
  thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  4 All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing
  to thy name. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  5 Come and see the works of God: he is terrible in his doing toward the
  children of men.
</p>
<p>
  6 He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there
  did we rejoice in him.
</p>
<p>
  7 He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the
  rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  8 O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:
</p>
<p>9 Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved.</p>
<p>
  10 For thou, O God, hast proved us: thou hast tried us, as silver is tried.
</p>
<p>
  11 Thou broughtest us into the net; thou laidst affliction upon our loins.
</p>
<p>
  12 Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads; we went through fire and
  through water: but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place.
</p>
<p>
  13 I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  14 Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth hath spoken, when I was in
  trouble.
</p>
<p>
  15 I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings, with the incense of
  rams; I will offer bullocks with goats. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  16 Come and hear, all ye that fear God, and I will declare what he hath done
  for my soul.
</p>
<p>17 I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue.</p>
<p>18 If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:</p>
<p>
  19 But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer.
</p>
<p>
  20 Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from
  me.
</p>
