---
title: Psalm 68
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:09 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 68
---

<p>
  1 Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him
  flee before him.
</p>
<p>
  2 As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melteth before the fire,
  so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.
</p>
<p>
  3 But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them
  exceedingly rejoice.
</p>
<p>
  4 Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the
  heavens by his name Jah, and rejoice before him.
</p>
<p>
  5 A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy
  habitation.
</p>
<p>
  6 God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound
  with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.
</p>
<p>
  7 O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march
  through the wilderness; Selah:
</p>
<p>
  8 The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even Sinai
  itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst confirm thine
  inheritance, when it was weary.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thy congregation hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy
  goodness for the poor.
</p>
<p>
  11 The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the
  spoil.
</p>
<p>
  13 Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove
  covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.
</p>
<p>
  14 When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as snow in Salmon.
</p>
<p>
  15 The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of
  Bashan.
</p>
<p>
  16 Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell
  in; yea, the Lord will dwell in it for ever.
</p>
<p>
  17 The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord
  is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.
</p>
<p>
  18 Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led captivity captive: thou hast
  received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the Lord God might
  dwell among them.
</p>
<p>
  19 Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of
  our salvation. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  20 He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto God the Lord belong
  the issues from death.
</p>
<p>
  21 But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an
  one as goeth on still in his trespasses.
</p>
<p>
  22 The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again
  from the depths of the sea:
</p>
<p>
  23 That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies, and the tongue
  of thy dogs in the same.
</p>
<p>
  24 They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my King, in
  the sanctuary.
</p>
<p>
  25 The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among
  them were the damsels playing with timbrels.
</p>
<p>
  26 Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of
  Israel.
</p>
<p>
  27 There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their
  council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali.
</p>
<p>
  28 Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou
  hast wrought for us.
</p>
<p>
  29 Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  30 Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves
  of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter
  thou the people that delight in war.
</p>
<p>
  31 Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands
  unto God.
</p>
<p>
  32 Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord;
  Selah:
</p>
<p>
  33 To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he
  doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.
</p>
<p>
  34 Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over Israel, and his
  strength is in the clouds.
</p>
<p>
  35 O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he
  that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God.
</p>
