---
title: Psalm 69
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:09 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 69
---

<p>1 Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters,
  where the floods overflow me.
</p>
<p>
  3 I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for
  my God.
</p>
<p>
  4 They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they
  that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I
  restored that which I took not away.
</p>
<p>5 O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.</p>
<p>
  6 Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord God of hosts, be ashamed for my sake:
  let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.
</p>
<p>7 Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.</p>
<p>
  8 I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and an alien unto my
  mother&#x2019;s children.
</p>
<p>
  9 For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them
  that reproached thee are fallen upon me.
</p>
<p>
  10 When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.
</p>
<p>11 I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.</p>
<p>
  12 They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the
  drunkards.
</p>
<p>
  13 But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O Lord, in an acceptable time: O
  God, in the multitude of thy mercy hear me, in the truth of thy salvation.
</p>
<p>
  14 Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from
  them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
</p>
<p>
  15 Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and
  let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.
</p>
<p>
  16 Hear me, O Lord; for thy lovingkindness is good: turn unto me according to
  the multitude of thy tender mercies.
</p>
<p>
  17 And hide not thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble: hear me
  speedily.
</p>
<p>
  18 Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies.
</p>
<p>
  19 Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour: mine
  adversaries are all before thee.
</p>
<p>
  20 Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for
  some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.
</p>
<p>
  21 They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar
  to drink.
</p>
<p>
  22 Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been
  for their welfare, let it become a trap.
</p>
<p>
  23 Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins
  continually to shake.
</p>
<p>
  24 Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold
  of them.
</p>
<p>25 Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.</p>
<p>
  26 For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief
  of those whom thou hast wounded.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  27 Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy
  righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  28 Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with
  the righteous.
</p>
<p>
  29 But I am poor and sorrowful: let thy salvation, O God, set me up on high.
</p>
<p>
  30 I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with
  thanksgiving.
</p>
<p>
  31 This also shall please the Lord better than an ox or bullock that hath
  horns and hoofs.
</p>
<p>
  32 The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek
  God.
</p>
<p>33 For the Lord heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners.</p>
<p>
  34 Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth
  therein.
</p>
<p>
  35 For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah: that they may
  dwell there, and have it in possession.
</p>
<p>
  36 The seed also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his name
  shall dwell therein.
</p>
