---
title: Psalm 71
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 71
---

<p>1 In thee, O Lord, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion.</p>
<p>
  2 Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape: incline thine ear
  unto me, and save me.
</p>
<p>
  3 Be thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast
  given commandment to save me; for thou art my rock and my fortress.
</p>
<p>
  4 Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the
  unrighteous and cruel man.
</p>
<p>5 For thou art my hope, O Lord God: thou art my trust from my youth.</p>
<p>
  6 By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of
  my mother&#x2019;s bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee.
</p>
<p>7 I am as a wonder unto many; but thou art my strong refuge.</p>
<p>8 Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honour all the day.</p>
<p>
  9 Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength
  faileth.
</p>
<p>
  10 For mine enemies speak against me; and they that lay wait for my soul take
  counsel together,
</p>
<p>
  11 Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to
  deliver him.
</p>
<p>12 O God, be not far from me: O my God, make haste for my help.</p>
<p>
  13 Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let
  them be covered with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>14 But I will hope continually, and will yet praise thee more and more.</p>
<p>
  15 My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day;
  for I know not the numbers thereof.
</p>
<p>
  16 I will go in the strength of the Lord God: I will make mention of thy
  righteousness, even of thine only.
</p>
<p>
  17 O God, thou hast taught me from my youth: and hitherto have I declared thy
  wondrous works.
</p>
<p>
  18 Now also when I am old and grayheaded, O God, forsake me not; until I have
  shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to every one that is
  to come.
</p>
<p>
  19 Thy righteousness also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O
  God, who is like unto thee!
</p>
<p>
  20 Thou, which hast shewed me great and sore troubles, shalt quicken me again,
  and shalt bring me up again from the depths of the earth.
</p>
<p>21 Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side.</p>
<p>
  22 I will also praise thee with the psaltery, even thy truth, O my God: unto
  thee will I sing with the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  23 My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee; and my soul, which
  thou hast redeemed.
</p>
<p>
  24 My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they
  are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt.
</p>
