---
title: Psalm 72
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 72
---

<p>
  1 Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the
  king&#x2019;s son.
</p>
<p>
  2 He shall judge thy people with righteousness, and thy poor with judgment.
</p>
<p>
  3 The mountains shall bring peace to the people, and the little hills, by
  righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  4 He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the children of the
  needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor.
</p>
<p>
  5 They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all
  generations.
</p>
<p>
  6 He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  7 In his days shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as
  the moon endureth.
</p>
<p>
  8 He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river unto the
  ends of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  9 They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies
  shall lick the dust.
</p>
<p>
  10 The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of
  Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts.
</p>
<p>
  11 Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him.
</p>
<p>
  12 For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that
  hath no helper.
</p>
<p>
  13 He shall spare the poor and needy, and shall save the souls of the needy.
</p>
<p>
  14 He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence: and precious shall
  their blood be in his sight.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer
  also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised.
</p>
<p>
  16 There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the
  mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city
  shall flourish like grass of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  17 His name shall endure for ever: his name shall be continued as long as the
  sun: and men shall be blessed in him: all nations shall call him blessed.
</p>
<p>
  18 Blessed be the Lord God, the God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous things.
</p>
<p>
  19 And blessed be his glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be
  filled with his glory; Amen, and Amen.
</p>
<p>20 The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended.</p>
