---
title: Psalm 73
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 73
---

<p>1 Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart.</p>
<p>
  2 But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps had well nigh slipped.
</p>
<p>
  3 For I was envious at the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.
</p>
<p>4 For there are no bands in their death: but their strength is firm.</p>
<p>
  5 They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other
  men.
</p>
<p>
  6 Therefore pride compasseth them about as a chain; violence covereth them as
  a garment.
</p>
<p>
  7 Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish.
</p>
<p>
  8 They are corrupt, and speak wickedly concerning oppression: they speak
  loftily.
</p>
<p>
  9 They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through
  the earth.
</p>
<p>
  10 Therefore his people return hither: and waters of a full cup are wrung out
  to them.
</p>
<p>
  11 And they say, How doth God know? and is there knowledge in the most High?
</p>
<p>
  12 Behold, these are the ungodly, who prosper in the world; they increase in
  riches.
</p>
<p>
  13 Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency.
</p>
<p>14 For all the day long have I been plagued, and chastened every morning.</p>
<p>
  15 If I say, I will speak thus; behold, I should offend against the generation
  of thy children.
</p>
<p>16 When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me;</p>
<p>17 Until I went into the sanctuary of God; then understood I their end.</p>
<p>
  18 Surely thou didst set them in slippery places: thou castedst them down into
  destruction.
</p>
<p>
  19 How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they are utterly
  consumed with terrors.
</p>
<p>
  20 As a dream when one awaketh; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, thou shalt
  despise their image.
</p>
<p>21 Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins.</p>
<p>22 So foolish was I, and ignorant: I was as a beast before thee.</p>
<p>
  23 Nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou hast holden me by my right
  hand.
</p>
<p>
  24 Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me to glory.
</p>
<p>
  25 Whom have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon earth that I desire
  beside thee.
</p>
<p>
  26 My flesh and my heart faileth: but God is the strength of my heart, and my
  portion for ever.
</p>
<p>
  27 For, lo, they that are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all
  them that go a whoring from thee.
</p>
<p>
  28 But it is good for me to draw near to God: I have put my trust in the Lord
  God, that I may declare all thy works.
</p>
