---
title: Psalm 74
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 74
---

<p>
  1 O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke
  against the sheep of thy pasture?
</p>
<p>
  2 Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of
  thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed; this mount Zion, wherein thou
  hast dwelt.
</p>
<p>
  3 Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy
  hath done wickedly in the sanctuary.
</p>
<p>
  4 Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their
  ensigns for signs.
</p>
<p>
  5 A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.
</p>
<p>
  6 But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and
  hammers.
</p>
<p>
  7 They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down
  the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.
</p>
<p>
  8 They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up
  all the synagogues of God in the land.
</p>
<p>
  9 We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among
  us any that knoweth how long.
</p>
<p>
  10 O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy
  name for ever?
</p>
<p>
  11 Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy
  bosom.
</p>
<p>
  12 For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the
  dragons in the waters.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to
  the people inhabiting the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  15 Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood: thou driedst up mighty
  rivers.
</p>
<p>
  16 The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and
  the sun.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and
  winter.
</p>
<p>
  18 Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O Lord, and that the foolish
  people have blasphemed thy name.
</p>
<p>
  19 O deliver not the soul of thy turtledove unto the multitude of the wicked:
  forget not the congregation of thy poor for ever.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  20 Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full
  of the habitations of cruelty.
</p>
<p>
  21 O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy
  name.
</p>
<p>
  22 Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man
  reproacheth thee daily.
</p>
<p>
  23 Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up
  against thee increaseth continually.
</p>
