---
title: Psalm 77
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:11 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 77
---

<p>
  1 I cried unto God with my voice, even unto God with my voice; and he gave ear
  unto me.
</p>
<p>
  2 In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and
  ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
</p>
<p>
  3 I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was
  overwhelmed. Selah.
</p>
<p>4 Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak.</p>
<p>5 I have considered the days of old, the years of ancient times.</p>
<p>
  6 I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with mine own heart:
  and my spirit made diligent search.
</p>
<p>7 Will the Lord cast off for ever? and will he be favourable no more?</p>
<p>8 Is his mercy clean gone for ever? doth his promise fail for evermore?</p>
<p>
  9 Hath God forgotten to be gracious? hath he in anger shut up his tender
  mercies? Selah.
</p>
<p>
  10 And I said, This is my infirmity: but I will remember the years of the
  right hand of the most High.
</p>
<p>
  11 I will remember the works of the Lord: surely I will remember thy wonders
  of old.
</p>
<p>12 I will meditate also of all thy work, and talk of thy doings.</p>
<p>13 Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as our God?</p>
<p>
  14 Thou art the God that doest wonders: thou hast declared thy strength among
  the people.
</p>
<p>
  15 Thou hast with thine arm redeemed thy people, the sons of Jacob and Joseph.
  Selah.
</p>
<p>
  16 The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee; they were afraid: the
  depths also were troubled.
</p>
<p>
  17 The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also
  went abroad.
</p>
<p>
  18 The voice of thy thunder was in the heaven: the lightnings lightened the
  world: the earth trembled and shook.
</p>
<p>
  19 Thy way is in the sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps
  are not known.
</p>
<p>20 Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron.</p>
