---
title: Psalm 79
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:12 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 79
---

<p>
  1 O God, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have
  they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps.
</p>
<p>
  2 The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of
  the heaven, the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  3 Their blood have they shed like water round about Jerusalem; and there was
  none to bury them.
</p>
<p>
  4 We are become a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and derision to them
  that are round about us.
</p>
<p>
  5 How long, Lord? wilt thou be angry for ever? shall thy jealousy burn like
  fire?
</p>
<p>
  6 Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee, and upon the
  kingdoms that have not called upon thy name.
</p>
<p>7 For they have devoured Jacob, and laid waste his dwelling place.</p>
<p>
  8 O remember not against us former iniquities: let thy tender mercies speedily
  prevent us: for we are brought very low.
</p>
<p>
  9 Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us,
  and purge away our sins, for thy name&#x2019;s sake.
</p>
<p>
  10 Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is their God? let him be known
  among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of thy servants
  which is shed.
</p>
<p>
  11 Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to the
  greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to die;
</p>
<p>
  12 And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their reproach,
  wherewith they have reproached thee, O Lord.
</p>
<p>
  13 So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever:
  we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.
</p>
