---
title: Psalm 80
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:12 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 80
---

<p>
  1 Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a flock; thou
  that dwellest between the cherubims, shine forth.
</p>
<p>
  2 Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength, and come and
  save us.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
</p>
<p>
  4 O Lord God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy
  people?
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in
  great measure.
</p>
<p>
  6 Thou makest us a strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh among
  themselves.
</p>
<p>
  7 Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be
  saved.
</p>
<p>
  8 Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and
  planted it.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it
  filled the land.
</p>
<p>
  10 The hills were covered with the shadow of it, and the boughs thereof were
  like the goodly cedars.
</p>
<p>11 She sent out her boughs unto the sea, and her branches unto the river.</p>
<p>
  12 Why hast thou then broken down her hedges, so that all they which pass by
  the way do pluck her?
</p>
<p>
  13 The boar out of the wood doth waste it, and the wild beast of the field
  doth devour it.
</p>
<p>
  14 Return, we beseech thee, O God of hosts: look down from heaven, and behold,
  and visit this vine;
</p>
<p>
  15 And the vineyard which thy right hand hath planted, and the branch that
  thou madest strong for thyself.
</p>
<p>
  16 It is burned with fire, it is cut down: they perish at the rebuke of thy
  countenance.
</p>
<p>
  17 Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand, upon the son of man whom
  thou madest strong for thyself.
</p>
<p>
  18 So will not we go back from thee: quicken us, and we will call upon thy
  name.
</p>
<p>
  19 Turn us again, O Lord God of hosts, cause thy face to shine; and we shall
  be saved.
</p>
