---
title: Psalm 81
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:12 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 81
---

<p>
  1 Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob.
</p>
<p>
  2 Take a psalm, and bring hither the timbrel, the pleasant harp with the
  psaltery.
</p>
<p>
  3 Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn
  feast day.
</p>
<p>4 For this was a statute for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob.</p>
<p>
  5 This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out through the
  land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood not.
</p>
<p>
  6 I removed his shoulder from the burden: his hands were delivered from the
  pots.
</p>
<p>
  7 Thou calledst in trouble, and I delivered thee; I answered thee in the
  secret place of thunder: I proved thee at the waters of Meribah. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  8 Hear, O my people, and I will testify unto thee: O Israel, if thou wilt
  hearken unto me;
</p>
<p>
  9 There shall no strange god be in thee; neither shalt thou worship any
  strange god.
</p>
<p>
  10 I am the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt: open
  thy mouth wide, and I will fill it.
</p>
<p>
  11 But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would none of me.
</p>
<p>
  12 So I gave them up unto their own hearts&#x2019; lust: and they walked in
  their own counsels.
</p>
<p>
  13 Oh that my people had hearkened unto me, and Israel had walked in my ways!
</p>
<p>
  14 I should soon have subdued their enemies, and turned my hand against their
  adversaries.
</p>
<p>
  15 The haters of the Lord should have submitted themselves unto him: but their
  time should have endured for ever.
</p>
<p>
  16 He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat: and with honey
  out of the rock should I have satisfied thee.
</p>
