---
title: Psalm 86
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:13 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 86
---

<p>1 Bow down thine ear, O Lord, hear me: for I am poor and needy.</p>
<p>
  2 Preserve my soul; for I am holy: O thou my God, save thy servant that
  trusteth in thee.
</p>
<p>3 Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily.</p>
<p>
  4 Rejoice the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my
  soul.
</p>
<p>
  5 For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto
  all them that call upon thee.
</p>
<p>
  6 Give ear, O Lord, unto my prayer; and attend to the voice of my
  supplications.
</p>
<p>
  7 In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou wilt answer me.
</p>
<p>
  8 Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord; neither are there any
  works like unto thy works.
</p>
<p>
  9 All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee, O Lord;
  and shall glorify thy name.
</p>
<p>10 For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone.</p>
<p>
  11 Teach me thy way, O Lord; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear
  thy name.
</p>
<p>
  12 I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify
  thy name for evermore.
</p>
<p>
  13 For great is thy mercy toward me: and thou hast delivered my soul from the
  lowest hell.
</p>
<p>
  14 O God, the proud are risen against me, and the assemblies of violent men
  have sought after my soul; and have not set thee before them.
</p>
<p>
  15 But thou, O Lord, art a God full of compassion, and gracious,
  longsuffering, and plenteous in mercy and truth.
</p>
<p>
  16 O turn unto me, and have mercy upon me; give thy strength unto thy servant,
  and save the son of thine handmaid.
</p>
<p>
  17 Shew me a token for good; that they which hate me may see it, and be
  ashamed: because thou, Lord, hast holpen me, and comforted me.
</p>
