---
title: Psalm 88
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:14 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 88
---

<p>1 O Lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:</p>
<p>2 Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry;</p>
<p>
  3 For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave.
</p>
<p>
  4 I am counted with them that go down into the pit: I am as a man that hath no
  strength:
</p>
<p>
  5 Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou
  rememberest no more: and they are cut off from thy hand.
</p>
<p>6 Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.</p>
<p>
  7 Thy wrath lieth hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves.
  Selah.
</p>
<p>
  8 Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me; thou hast made me an
  abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth.
</p>
<p>
  9 Mine eye mourneth by reason of affliction: Lord, I have called daily upon
  thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  10 Wilt thou shew wonders to the dead? shall the dead arise and praise thee?
  Selah.
</p>
<p>
  11 Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave? or thy faithfulness in
  destruction?
</p>
<p>
  12 Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? and thy righteousness in the land
  of forgetfulness?
</p>
<p>
  13 But unto thee have I cried, O Lord; and in the morning shall my prayer
  prevent thee.
</p>
<p>14 Lord, why castest thou off my soul? why hidest thou thy face from me?</p>
<p>
  15 I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up: while I suffer thy
  terrors I am distracted.
</p>
<p>16 Thy fierce wrath goeth over me; thy terrors have cut me off.</p>
<p>
  17 They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about
  together.
</p>
<p>
  18 Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaintance into
  darkness.
</p>
