---
title: Psalm 89
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:14 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 89
---

<p>
  1 I will sing of the mercies of the Lord for ever: with my mouth will I make
  known thy faithfulness to all generations.
</p>
<p>
  2 For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for ever: thy faithfulness shalt
  thou establish in the very heavens.
</p>
<p>
  3 I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant,
</p>
<p>
  4 Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all
  generations. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O Lord: thy faithfulness also in
  the congregation of the saints.
</p>
<p>
  6 For who in the heaven can be compared unto the Lord? who among the sons of
  the mighty can be likened unto the Lord?
</p>
<p>
  7 God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in
  reverence of all them that are about him.
</p>
<p>
  8 O Lord God of hosts, who is a strong Lord like unto thee? or to thy
  faithfulness round about thee?
</p>
<p>
  9 Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou
  stillest them.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered
  thine enemies with thy strong arm.
</p>
<p>
  11 The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the world and the
  fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.
</p>
<p>
  12 The north and the south thou hast created them: Tabor and Hermon shall
  rejoice in thy name.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.
</p>
<p>
  14 Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth
  shall go before thy face.
</p>
<p>
  15 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O Lord,
  in the light of thy countenance.
</p>
<p>
  16 In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall
  they be exalted.
</p>
<p>
  17 For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy favour our horn shall
  be exalted.
</p>
<p>18 For the Lord is our defence; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.</p>
<p>
  19 Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help
  upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.
</p>
<p>20 I have found David my servant; with my holy oil have I anointed him:</p>
<p>
  21 With whom my hand shall be established: mine arm also shall strengthen him.
</p>
<p>
  22 The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness afflict him.
</p>
<p>
  23 And I will beat down his foes before his face, and plague them that hate
  him.
</p>
<p>
  24 But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall
  his horn be exalted.
</p>
<p>25 I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers.</p>
<p>
  26 He shall cry unto me, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my
  salvation.
</p>
<p>27 Also I will make him my firstborn, higher than the kings of the earth.</p>
<p>
  28 My mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast
  with him.
</p>
<p>
  29 His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of
  heaven.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>30 If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;</p>
<p>31 If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments;</p>
<p>
  32 Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with
  stripes.
</p>
<p>
  33 Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer
  my faithfulness to fail.
</p>
<p>
  34 My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my
  lips.
</p>
<p>35 Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David.</p>
<p>36 His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me.</p>
<p>
  37 It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in
  heaven. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  38 But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wroth with thine
  anointed.
</p>
<p>
  39 Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant: thou hast profaned his
  crown by casting it to the ground.
</p>
<p>
  40 Thou hast broken down all his hedges; thou hast brought his strong holds to
  ruin.
</p>
<p>
  41 All that pass by the way spoil him: he is a reproach to his neighbours.
</p>
<p>
  42 Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries; thou hast made all his
  enemies to rejoice.
</p>
<p>
  43 Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand
  in the battle.
</p>
<p>
  44 Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground.
</p>
<p>
  45 The days of his youth hast thou shortened: thou hast covered him with
  shame. Selah.
</p>
<p>
  46 How long, Lord? wilt thou hide thyself for ever? shall thy wrath burn like
  fire?
</p>
<p>
  47 Remember how short my time is: wherefore hast thou made all men in vain?
</p>
<p>
  48 What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his
  soul from the hand of the grave? Selah.
</p>
<p>
  49 Lord, where are thy former lovingkindnesses, which thou swarest unto David
  in thy truth?
</p>
<p>
  50 Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy servants; how I do bear in my bosom the
  reproach of all the mighty people;
</p>
<p>
  51 Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O Lord; wherewith they have
  reproached the footsteps of thine anointed.
</p>
<p>52 Blessed be the Lord for evermore. Amen, and Amen.</p>
