---
title: Psalm 9
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:33 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 9
---

<p>
  1 I will praise thee, O Lord, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy
  marvellous works.
</p>
<p>
  2 I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou
  most High.
</p>
<p>
  3 When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy
  presence.
</p>
<p>
  4 For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne
  judging right.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put
  out their name for ever and ever.
</p>
<p>
  6 O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast
  destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.
</p>
<p>
  7 But the Lord shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for
  judgment.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to
  the people in uprightness.
</p>
<p>
  9 The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of
  trouble.
</p>
<p>
  10 And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, Lord,
  hast not forsaken them that seek thee.
</p>
<p>
  11 Sing praises to the Lord, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people
  his doings.
</p>
<p>
  12 When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth
  not the cry of the humble.
</p>
<p>
  13 Have mercy upon me, O Lord; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that
  hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:
</p>
<p>
  14 That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion:
  I will rejoice in thy salvation.
</p>
<p>
  15 The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they
  hid is their own foot taken.
</p>
<p>
  16 The Lord is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared
  in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  17 The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.
</p>
<p>
  18 For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor
  shall not perish for ever.
</p>
<p>
  19 Arise, O Lord; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.
</p>
<p>
  20 Put them in fear, O Lord: that the nations may know themselves to be but
  men. Selah.
</p>
