---
title: Psalm 91
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:15 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 91
---

<p>
  1 He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the
  shadow of the Almighty.
</p>
<p>
  2 I will say of the Lord, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will
  I trust.
</p>
<p>
  3 Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the
  noisome pestilence.
</p>
<p>
  4 He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust:
  his truth shall be thy shield and buckler.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that
  flieth by day;
</p>
<p>
  6 Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction
  that wasteth at noonday.
</p>
<p>
  7 A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but
  it shall not come nigh thee.
</p>
<p>
  8 Only with thine eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  9 Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy
  habitation;
</p>
<p>
  10 There shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy
  dwelling.
</p>
<p>
  11 For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy
  ways.
</p>
<p>
  12 They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a
  stone.
</p>
<p>
  13 Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon
  shalt thou trample under feet.
</p>
<p>
  14 Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will
  set him on high, because he hath known my name.
</p>
<p>
  15 He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in
  trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him.
</p>
<p>16 With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation.</p>
