---
title: Psalm 92
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:15 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 92
---

<p>
  1 It is a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord, and to sing praises unto
  thy name, O most High:
</p>
<p>
  2 To shew forth thy lovingkindness in the morning, and thy faithfulness every
  night,
</p>
<p>
  3 Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon the harp with
  a solemn sound.
</p>
<p>
  4 For thou, Lord, hast made me glad through thy work: I will triumph in the
  works of thy hands.
</p>
<p>5 O Lord, how great are thy works! and thy thoughts are very deep.</p>
<p>6 A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this.</p>
<p>
  7 When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do
  flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:
</p>
<p>8 But thou, Lord, art most high for evermore.</p>
<p>
  9 For, lo, thine enemies, O Lord, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the
  workers of iniquity shall be scattered.
</p>
<p>
  10 But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn: I shall be
  anointed with fresh oil.
</p>
<p>
  11 Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies, and mine ears shall hear
  my desire of the wicked that rise up against me.
</p>
<p>
  12 The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar
  in Lebanon.
</p>
<p>
  13 Those that be planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts
  of our God.
</p>
<p>
  14 They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and
  flourishing;
</p>
<p>
  15 To shew that the Lord is upright: he is my rock, and there is no
  unrighteousness in him.
</p>
