---
title: Psalm 94
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:15 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 94
---

<p>
  1 O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth,
  shew thyself.
</p>
<p>2 Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud.</p>
<p>3 Lord, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph?</p>
<p>
  4 How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of
  iniquity boast themselves?
</p>
<p>5 They break in pieces thy people, O Lord, and afflict thine heritage.</p>
<span></span>
<p>6 They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless.</p>
<p>
  7 Yet they say, The Lord shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard
  it.
</p>
<p>
  8 Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise?
</p>
<p>
  9 He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he
  not see?
</p>
<p>
  10 He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man
  knowledge, shall not he know?
</p>
<p>11 The Lord knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity.</p>
<p>
  12 Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O Lord, and teachest him out of
  thy law;
</p>
<p>
  13 That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversity, until the pit be
  digged for the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  14 For the Lord will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his
  inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  15 But judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart
  shall follow it.
</p>
<p>
  16 Who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me
  against the workers of iniquity?
</p>
<p>17 Unless the Lord had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence.</p>
<p>18 When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O Lord, held me up.</p>
<p>
  19 In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul.
</p>
<p>
  20 Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth
  mischief by a law?
</p>
<p>
  21 They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and
  condemn the innocent blood.
</p>
<p>22 But the Lord is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.</p>
<p>
  23 And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall cut them off in
  their own wickedness; yea, the Lord our God shall cut them off.
</p>
