---
title: Isaiah 21
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:49 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 21
---

<p>
  1 The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass
  through; so it cometh from the desert, from a terrible land.
</p>
<p>
  2 A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth
  treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all
  the sighing thereof have I made to cease.
</p>
<p>
  3 Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as
  the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I
  was dismayed at the seeing of it.
</p>
<p>
  4 My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he
  turned into fear unto me.
</p>
<p>
  5 Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes,
  and anoint the shield.
</p>
<p>
  6 For thus hath the Lord said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare
  what he seeth.
</p>
<p>
  7 And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a
  chariot of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:
</p>
<p>
  8 And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in
  the daytime, and I am set in my ward whole nights:
</p>
<p>
  9 And, behold, here cometh a chariot of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he
  answered and said, Babylon is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of
  her gods he hath broken unto the ground.
</p>
<p>
  10 O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the
  Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared unto you.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of
  the night? Watchman, what of the night?
</p>
<p>
  12 The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will
  inquire, inquire ye: return, come.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; The burden upon Arabia. In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge, O ye
  travelling companies of Dedanim.
</p>
<p>
  14 The inhabitants of the land of Tema brought water to him that was thirsty,
  they prevented with their bread him that fled.
</p>
<p>
  15 For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow,
  and from the grievousness of war.
</p>
<p>
  16 For thus hath the Lord said unto me, Within a year, according to the years
  of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:
</p>
<p>
  17 And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of
  Kedar, shall be diminished: for the Lord God of Israel hath spoken it.
</p>
