---
title: Isaiah 33
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 33
---

<p>
  1 Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest
  treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou shalt
  cease to spoil, thou shalt be spoiled; and when thou shalt make an end to deal
  treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee.
</p>
<p>
  2 O Lord, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm
  every morning, our salvation also in the time of trouble.
</p>
<p>
  3 At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at the lifting up of thyself the
  nations were scattered.
</p>
<p>
  4 And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as
  the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them.
</p>
<p>
  5 The Lord is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with
  judgment and righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  6 And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength
  of salvation: the fear of the Lord is his treasure.
</p>
<p>
  7 Behold, their valiant ones shall cry without: the ambassadors of peace shall
  weep bitterly.
</p>
<p>
  8 The highways lie waste, the wayfaring man ceaseth: he hath broken the
  covenant, he hath despised the cities, he regardeth no man.
</p>
<p>
  9 The earth mourneth and languisheth: Lebanon is ashamed and hewn down: Sharon
  is like a wilderness; and Bashan and Carmel shake off their fruits.
</p>
<p>
  10 Now will I rise, saith the Lord; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up
  myself.
</p>
<p>
  11 Ye shall conceive chaff, ye shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as
  fire, shall devour you.
</p>
<p>
  12 And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall
  they be burned in the fire.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Hear, ye that are far off, what I have done; and, ye that are near,
  acknowledge my might.
</p>
<p>
  14 The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites.
  Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell
  with everlasting burnings?
</p>
<p>
  15 He that walketh righteously, and speaketh uprightly; he that despiseth the
  gain of oppressions, that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes, that
  stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood, and shutteth his eyes from seeing
  evil;
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 He shall dwell on high: his place of defence shall be the munitions of
  rocks: bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty: they shall behold the land
  that is very far off.
</p>
<p>
  18 Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the
  receiver? where is he that counted the towers?
</p>
<p>
  19 Thou shalt not see a fierce people, a people of a deeper speech than thou
  canst perceive; of a stammering tongue, that thou canst not understand.
</p>
<p>
  20 Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem
  a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of the
  stakes thereof shall ever be removed, neither shall any of the cords thereof
  be broken.
</p>
<p>
  21 But there the glorious Lord will be unto us a place of broad rivers and
  streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass
  thereby.
</p>
<p>
  22 For the Lord is our judge, the Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our king;
  he will save us.
</p>
<p>
  23 Thy tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they
  could not spread the sail: then is the prey of a great spoil divided; the lame
  take the prey.
</p>
<p>
  24 And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick: the people that dwell therein
  shall be forgiven their iniquity.
</p>
