---
title: Isaiah 35
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 35
---

<p>
  1 The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert
  shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.
</p>
<p>
  2 It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the
  glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon,
  they shall see the glory of the Lord, and the excellency of our God.
</p>
<p>3 &#xB6; Strengthen ye the weak hands, and confirm the feeble knees.</p>
<p>
  4 Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not: behold, your
  God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompence; he will come and
  save you.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall
  be unstopped.
</p>
<p>
  6 Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing:
  for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of
  water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds
  and rushes.
</p>
<p>
  8 And an highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of
  holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the
  wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein.
</p>
<p>
  9 No lion shall be there, nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon, it shall
  not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there:
</p>
<p>
  10 And the ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come to Zion with songs and
  everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and
  sorrow and sighing shall flee away.
</p>
