---
title: Isaiah 36
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:59 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 36
---

<p>
  1 Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah, that
  Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defenced cities of Judah,
  and took them.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem unto king
  Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in
  the highway of the fuller&#x2019;s field.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah&#x2019;s son, which was over the
  house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph&#x2019;s son, the recorder.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the
  great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou
  trustest?
</p>
<p>
  5 I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) I have counsel and
  strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?
</p>
<p>
  6 Lo, thou trustest in the staff of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a
  man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt
  to all that trust in him.
</p>
<p>
  7 But if thou say to me, We trust in the Lord our God: is it not he, whose
  high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and said to Judah and
  to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar?
</p>
<p>
  8 Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the king of Assyria,
  and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set
  riders upon them.
</p>
<p>
  9 How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my
  master&#x2019;s servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for
  horsemen?
</p>
<p>
  10 And am I now come up without the Lord against this land to destroy it? the
  Lord said unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray
  thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and
  speak not to us in the Jews&#x2019; language, in the ears of the people that
  are on the wall.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee
  to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall,
  that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
</p>
<p>
  13 Then Rabshakeh stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews&#x2019;
  language, and said, Hear ye the words of the great king, the king of Assyria.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able
  to deliver you.
</p>
<p>
  15 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord, saying, The Lord will
  surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king
  of Assyria.
</p>
<p>
  16 Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an
  agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of
  his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of
  his own cistern;
</p>
<p>
  17 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn
  and wine, a land of bread and vineyards.
</p>
<p>
  18 Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you, saying, The Lord will deliver us. Hath
  any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the king
  of Assyria?
</p>
<p>
  19 Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim?
  and have they delivered Samaria out of my hand?
</p>
<p>
  20 Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their
  land out of my hand, that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?
</p>
<p>
  21 But they held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the
  king&#x2019;s commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Then came Eliakim, the son of Hilkiah, that was over the household,
  and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, the son of Asaph, the recorder, to Hezekiah
  with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
</p>
