---
title: Isaiah 46
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 46
---

<p>
  1 Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon
  the cattle: your carriages were heavy loaden; they are a burden to the weary
  beast.
</p>
<p>
  2 They stoop, they bow down together; they could not deliver the burden, but
  themselves are gone into captivity.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; Hearken unto me, O house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house
  of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the
  womb:
</p>
<p>
  4 And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I
  have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; To whom will ye liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we
  may be like?
</p>
<p>
  6 They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a
  goldsmith; and he maketh it a god: they fall down, yea, they worship.
</p>
<p>
  7 They bear him upon the shoulder, they carry him, and set him in his place,
  and he standeth; from his place shall he not remove: yea, one shall cry unto
  him, yet can he not answer, nor save him out of his trouble.
</p>
<p>
  8 Remember this, and shew yourselves men: bring it again to mind, O ye
  transgressors.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  9 Remember the former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I
  am God, and there is none like me,
</p>
<p>
  10 Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things
  that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my
  pleasure:
</p>
<p>
  11 Calling a ravenous bird from the east, the man that executeth my counsel
  from a far country: yea, I have spoken it, I will also bring it to pass; I
  have purposed it, I will also do it.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; Hearken unto me, ye stouthearted, that are far from righteousness:
</p>
<p>
  13 I bring near my righteousness; it shall not be far off, and my salvation
  shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory.
</p>
