---
title: Isaiah 49
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 49
---

<p>
  1 Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The Lord hath
  called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of
  my name.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath
  he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me;
</p>
<p>
  3 And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be
  glorified.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then I said, I have laboured in vain, I have spent my strength for nought,
  and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the Lord, and my work with my God.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And now, saith the Lord that formed me from the womb to be his
  servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall
  I be glorious in the eyes of the Lord, and my God shall be my strength.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise
  up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also
  give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto
  the end of the earth.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 Thus saith the Lord, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom
  man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings
  shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the Lord that is
  faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee.
</p>
<p>
  8 Thus saith the Lord, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day
  of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a
  covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the
  desolate heritages;
</p>
<p>
  9 That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in
  darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures
  shall be in all high places.
</p>
<p>
  10 They shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun smite
  them: for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even by the springs of
  water shall he guide them.
</p>
<p>
  11 And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
</p>
<p>
  12 Behold, these shall come from far: and, lo, these from the north and from
  the west; and these from the land of Sinim.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into
  singing, O mountains: for the Lord hath comforted his people, and will have
  mercy upon his afflicted.
</p>
<p>
  14 But Zion said, The Lord hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me.
</p>
<p>
  15 Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion
  on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.
</p>
<p>
  16 Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are
  continually before me.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste
  shall go forth of thee.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather
  themselves together, and come to thee. As I live, saith the Lord, thou shalt
  surely clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on thee,
  as a bride doeth.
</p>
<p>
  19 For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction,
  shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that
  swallowed thee up shall be far away.
</p>
<p>
  20 The children which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall
  say again in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that
  I may dwell.
</p>
<p>
  21 Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I
  have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro?
  and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they
  been?
</p>
<p>
  22 Thus saith the Lord God, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles,
  and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their
  arms, and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders.
</p>
<p>
  23 And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing
  mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and
  lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the Lord: for they
  shall not be ashamed that wait for me.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive
  delivered?
</p>
<p>
  25 But thus saith the Lord, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken
  away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with
  him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.
</p>
<p>
  26 And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall
  be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know
  that I the Lord am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
</p>
