---
title: Isaiah 50
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 50
---

<p>
  1 Thus saith the Lord, Where is the bill of your mother&#x2019;s divorcement,
  whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you?
  Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and for your
  transgressions is your mother put away.
</p>
<p>
  2 Wherefore, when I came, was there no man? when I called, was there none to
  answer? Is my hand shortened at all, that it cannot redeem? or have I no power
  to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a
  wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no water, and dieth for
  thirst.
</p>
<p>
  3 I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.
</p>
<p>
  4 The Lord God hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how
  to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by
  morning, he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; The Lord God hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither
  turned away back.
</p>
<p>
  6 I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the
  hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; For the Lord God will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded:
  therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be
  ashamed.
</p>
<p>
  8 He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand
  together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me.
</p>
<p>
  9 Behold, the Lord God will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they
  all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Who is among you that feareth the Lord, that obeyeth the voice of
  his servant, that walketh in darkness, and hath no light? let him trust in the
  name of the Lord, and stay upon his God.
</p>
<p>
  11 Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with
  sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have
  kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow.
</p>
