---
title: Isaiah 52
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 52
---

<p>
  1 Awake, awake; put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O
  Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforth there shall no more come into thee
  the uncircumcised and the unclean.
</p>
<p>
  2 Shake thyself from the dust; arise, and sit down, O Jerusalem: loose thyself
  from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.
</p>
<p>
  3 For thus saith the Lord, Ye have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be
  redeemed without money.
</p>
<p>
  4 For thus saith the Lord God, My people went down aforetime into Egypt to
  sojourn there; and the Assyrian oppressed them without cause.
</p>
<p>
  5 Now therefore, what have I here, saith the Lord, that my people is taken
  away for nought? they that rule over them make them to howl, saith the Lord;
  and my name continually every day is blasphemed.
</p>
<p>
  6 Therefore my people shall know my name: therefore they shall know in that
  day that I am he that doth speak: behold, it is I.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth
  good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that
  publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!
</p>
<p>
  8 Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall they
  sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord shall bring again Zion.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem:
  for the Lord hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  10 The Lord hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and
  all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing;
  go ye out of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  12 For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the Lord will go
  before you; and the God of Israel will be your rearward.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and
  extolled, and be very high.
</p>
<p>
  14 As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man,
  and his form more than the sons of men:
</p>
<p>
  15 So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at
  him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they
  had not heard shall they consider.
</p>
