---
title: Isaiah 61
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:07 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 61
---

<p>
  1 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to
  preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the
  brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the
  prison to them that are bound;
</p>
<p>
  2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord, and the day of vengeance of our
  God; to comfort all that mourn;
</p>
<p>
  3 To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes,
  the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of
  heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of
  the Lord, that he might be glorified.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former
  desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many
  generations.
</p>
<p>
  5 And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien
  shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers.
</p>
<p>
  6 But ye shall be named the Priests of the Lord: men shall call you the
  Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their
  glory shall ye boast yourselves.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall
  rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the
  double: everlasting joy shall be unto them.
</p>
<p>
  8 For I the Lord love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will
  direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.
</p>
<p>
  9 And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among
  the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed
  which the Lord hath blessed.
</p>
<p>
  10 I will greatly rejoice in the Lord, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for
  he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the
  robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as
  a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.
</p>
<p>
  11 For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the
  things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord God will cause
  righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations.
</p>
