---
title: Isaiah 64
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:08 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 64
---

<p>
  1 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, that
  the mountains might flow down at thy presence,
</p>
<p>
  2 As when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters to boil, to
  make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nations may tremble at thy
  presence!
</p>
<p>
  3 When thou didst terrible things which we looked not for, thou camest down,
  the mountains flowed down at thy presence.
</p>
<p>
  4 For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by
  the ear, neither hath the eye seen, O God, beside thee, what he hath prepared
  for him that waiteth for him.
</p>
<p>
  5 Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that
  remember thee in thy ways: behold, thou art wroth; for we have sinned: in
  those is continuance, and we shall be saved.
</p>
<p>
  6 But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as
  filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind,
  have taken us away.
</p>
<p>
  7 And there is none that calleth upon thy name, that stirreth up himself to
  take hold of thee: for thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us,
  because of our iniquities.
</p>
<p>
  8 But now, O Lord, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou our potter;
  and we all are the work of thy hand.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Be not wroth very sore, O Lord, neither remember iniquity for ever:
  behold, see, we beseech thee, we are all thy people.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thy holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a
  desolation.
</p>
<p>
  11 Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burned
  up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste.
</p>
<p>
  12 Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O Lord? wilt thou hold thy
  peace, and afflict us very sore?
</p>
