---
title: Isaiah 65
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:08 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 65
---

<p>
  1 I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them that sought me
  not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not called by my
  name.
</p>
<p>
  2 I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which
  walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;
</p>
<p>
  3 A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth
  in gardens, and burneth incense upon altars of brick;
</p>
<p>
  4 Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat
  swine&#x2019;s flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
</p>
<p>
  5 Which say, Stand by thyself, come not near to me; for I am holier than thou.
  These are a smoke in my nose, a fire that burneth all the day.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  6 Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep silence, but will
  recompense, even recompense into their bosom,
</p>
<p>
  7 Your iniquities, and the iniquities of your fathers together, saith the
  Lord, which have burned incense upon the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the
  hills: therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one
  saith, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my
  servants&#x2019; sakes, that I may not destroy them all.
</p>
<p>
  9 And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of
  my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell
  there.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a place for
  the herds to lie down in, for my people that have sought me.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; But ye are they that forsake the Lord, that forget my holy mountain,
  that prepare a table for that troop, and that furnish the drink offering unto
  that number.
</p>
<p>
  12 Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow down to the
  slaughter: because when I called, ye did not answer; when I spake, ye did not
  hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted
  not.
</p>
<p>
  13 Therefore thus saith the Lord God, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye
  shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty:
  behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed:
</p>
<p>
  14 Behold, my servants shall sing for joy of heart, but ye shall cry for
  sorrow of heart, and shall howl for vexation of spirit.
</p>
<p>
  15 And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord God
  shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:
</p>
<p>
  16 That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of
  truth; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth;
  because the former troubles are forgotten, and because they are hid from mine
  eyes.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former
  shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
</p>
<p>
  18 But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I
  create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy.
</p>
<p>
  19 And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of
  weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.
</p>
<p>
  20 There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath
  not filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the
  sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
</p>
<p>
  21 And they shall build houses, and inhabit them; and they shall plant
  vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
</p>
<p>
  22 They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and
  another eat: for as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and mine
  elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
</p>
<p>
  23 They shall not labour in vain, nor bring forth for trouble; for they are
  the seed of the blessed of the Lord, and their offspring with them.
</p>
<p>
  24 And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while
  they are yet speaking, I will hear.
</p>
<p>
  25 The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw
  like the bullock: and dust shall be the serpent&#x2019;s meat. They shall not
  hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the Lord.
</p>
