---
title: Articles of Faith
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 We believe in God, the Eternal Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in
  the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  2 We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for
  Adam&#x2019;s transgression.
</p>
<p>
  3 We believe that through the Atonement of Christ, all mankind may be saved,
  by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel.
</p>
<p>
  4 We believe that the first principles and ordinances of the Gospel are:
  first, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repentance; third, Baptism by
  immersion for the remission of sins; fourth, Laying on of hands for the gift
  of the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  5 We believe that a man must be called of God, by prophecy, and by the laying
  on of hands by those who are in authority, to preach the Gospel and administer
  in the ordinances thereof.
</p>
<p>
  6 We believe in the same organization that existed in the Primitive Church,
  namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, and so forth.
</p>
<p>
  7 We believe in the gift of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing,
  interpretation of tongues, and so forth.
</p>
<p>
  8 We believe the Bible to be the word of God as far as it is translated
  correctly; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of God.
</p>
<p>
  9 We believe all that God has revealed, all that He does now reveal, and we
  believe that He will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to
  the Kingdom of God.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 We believe in the literal gathering of Israel and in the restoration of the
  Ten Tribes; that Zion (the New Jerusalem) will be built upon the American
  continent; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth; and, that the
  earth will be renewed and receive its paradisiacal glory.
</p>
<p>
  11 We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates
  of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship
  how, where, or what they may.
</p>
<p>
  12 We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magistrates,
  in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law.
</p>
<p>
  13 We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in
  doing good to all men; indeed, we may say that we follow the admonition of
  Paul&#x2014;We believe all things, we hope all things, we have endured many
  things, and hope to be able to endure all things. If there is anything
  virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these
  things.
</p>
<div class="closing-block"><p>Joseph Smith.</p></div>
