---
title: Leviticus 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and
  put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the
  Lord, which he commanded them not.
</p>
<p>
  2 And there went out fire from the Lord, and devoured them, and they died
  before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the Lord spake, saying, I will
  be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be
  glorified. And Aaron held his peace.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of
  Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the
  sanctuary out of the camp.
</p>
<p>
  5 So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the camp; as Moses
  had said.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Moses said unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons,
  Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye die, and lest wrath
  come upon all the people: but let your brethren, the whole house of Israel,
  bewail the burning which the Lord hath kindled.
</p>
<p>
  7 And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
  lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the Lord is upon you. And they did
  according to the word of Moses.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>8 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Aaron, saying,</p>
<p>
  9 Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go
  into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: it shall be a statute
  for ever throughout your generations:
</p>
<p>
  10 And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean
  and clean;
</p>
<p>
  11 And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the
  Lord hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his
  sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of
  the Lord made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is
  most holy:
</p>
<p>
  13 And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy
  sons&#x2019; due, of the sacrifices of the Lord made by fire: for so I am
  commanded.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place; thou,
  and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy
  sons&#x2019; due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of
  the children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  15 The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings
  made by fire of the fat, to wave it for a wave offering before the Lord; and
  it shall be thine, and thy sons&#x2019; with thee, by a statute for ever; as
  the Lord hath commanded.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and,
  behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of
  Aaron which were left alive, saying,
</p>
<p>
  17 Wherefore have ye not eaten the sin offering in the holy place, seeing it
  is most holy, and God hath given it you to bear the iniquity of the
  congregation, to make atonement for them before the Lord?
</p>
<p>
  18 Behold, the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place: ye should
  indeed have eaten it in the holy place, as I commanded.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Aaron said unto Moses, Behold, this day have they offered their sin
  offering and their burnt offering before the Lord; and such things have
  befallen me: and if I had eaten the sin offering to day, should it have been
  accepted in the sight of the Lord?
</p>
<p>20 And when Moses heard that, he was content.</p>
