---
title: Leviticus 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them,</p>
<p>
  2 Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts which ye
  shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.
</p>
<p>
  3 Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is clovenfooted, and cheweth the cud, among
  the beasts, that shall ye eat.
</p>
<p>
  4 Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them
  that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth
  not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the coney, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is
  unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is
  unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he
  cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.
</p>
<p>
  8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they
  are unclean to you.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath
  fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye
  eat.
</p>
<p>
  10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of
  all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters,
  they shall be an abomination unto you:
</p>
<p>
  11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their
  flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination.
</p>
<p>
  12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an
  abomination unto you.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the
  fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an abomination: the eagle, and the
  ossifrage, and the ospray,
</p>
<p>14 And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;</p>
<p>15 Every raven after his kind;</p>
<p>
  16 And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his
  kind,
</p>
<p>17 And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,</p>
<p>18 And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle,</p>
<p>19 And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.</p>
<p>
  20 All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an abomination unto
  you.
</p>
<p>
  21 Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all
  four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;
</p>
<p>
  22 Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald
  locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper
  after his kind.
</p>
<p>
  23 But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an
  abomination unto you.
</p>
<p>
  24 And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the carcase of them
  shall be unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  25 And whosoever beareth ought of the carcase of them shall wash his clothes,
  and be unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  26 The carcases of every beast which divideth the hoof, and is not
  clovenfooted, nor cheweth the cud, are unclean unto you: every one that
  toucheth them shall be unclean.
</p>
<p>
  27 And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on
  all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcase shall be
  unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  28 And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes, and be
  unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; These also shall be unclean unto you among the creeping things that
  creep upon the earth; the weasel, and the mouse, and the tortoise after his
  kind,
</p>
<p>
  30 And the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, and the
  mole.
</p>
<p>
  31 These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them,
  when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  32 And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be
  unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack,
  whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water,
  and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed.
</p>
<p>
  33 And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in
  it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.
</p>
<p>
  34 Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water cometh shall be
  unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be
  unclean.
</p>
<p>
  35 And every thing whereupon any part of their carcase falleth shall be
  unclean; whether it be oven, or ranges for pots, they shall be broken down:
  for they are unclean, and shall be unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  36 Nevertheless a fountain or pit, wherein there is plenty of water, shall be
  clean: but that which toucheth their carcase shall be unclean.
</p>
<p>
  37 And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowing seed which is to be
  sown, it shall be clean.
</p>
<p>
  38 But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their carcase fall
  thereon, it shall be unclean unto you.
</p>
<p>
  39 And if any beast, of which ye may eat, die; he that toucheth the carcase
  thereof shall be unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  40 And he that eateth of the carcase of it shall wash his clothes, and be
  unclean until the even: he also that beareth the carcase of it shall wash his
  clothes, and be unclean until the even.
</p>
<p>
  41 And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an
  abomination; it shall not be eaten.
</p>
<p>
  42 Whatsoever goeth upon the belly, and whatsoever goeth upon all four, or
  whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth,
  them ye shall not eat; for they are an abomination.
</p>
<p>
  43 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that
  creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should
  be defiled thereby.
</p>
<p>
  44 For I am the Lord your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye
  shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any
  manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
</p>
<p>
  45 For I am the Lord that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your
  God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy.
</p>
<p>
  46 This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living
  creature that moveth in the waters, and of every creature that creepeth upon
  the earth:
</p>
<p>
  47 To make a difference between the unclean and the clean, and between the
  beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten.
</p>
