---
title: Leviticus 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:25 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through
  ignorance against any of the commandments of the Lord concerning things which
  ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:
</p>
<p>
  3 If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people;
  then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, a young bullock without
  blemish unto the Lord for a sin offering.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the
  congregation before the Lord; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock&#x2019;s
  head, and kill the bullock before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock&#x2019;s blood,
  and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:
</p>
<p>
  6 And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood
  seven times before the Lord, before the veil of the sanctuary.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of
  sweet incense before the Lord, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation;
  and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the
  burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
</p>
<p>
  8 And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin
  offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the
  inwards,
</p>
<p>
  9 And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks,
  and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,
</p>
<p>
  10 As it was taken off from the bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings:
  and the priest shall burn them upon the altar of the burnt offering.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the skin of the bullock, and all his flesh, with his head, and with his
  legs, and his inwards, and his dung,
</p>
<p>
  12 Even the whole bullock shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean
  place, where the ashes are poured out, and burn him on the wood with fire:
  where the ashes are poured out shall he be burnt.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and
  the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat
  against any of the commandments of the Lord concerning things which should not
  be done, and are guilty;
</p>
<p>
  14 When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the
  congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the
  tabernacle of the congregation.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of
  the bullock before the Lord: and the bullock shall be killed before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  16 And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock&#x2019;s blood
  to the tabernacle of the congregation:
</p>
<p>
  17 And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood, and sprinkle it
  seven times before the Lord, even before the veil.
</p>
<p>
  18 And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is
  before the Lord, that is in the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour
  out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is
  at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
</p>
<p>19 And he shall take all his fat from him, and burn it upon the altar.</p>
<p>
  20 And he shall do with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin
  offering, so shall he do with this: and the priest shall make an atonement for
  them, and it shall be forgiven them.
</p>
<p>
  21 And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp, and burn him as he
  burned the first bullock: it is a sin offering for the congregation.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; When a ruler hath sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance
  against any of the commandments of the Lord his God concerning things which
  should not be done, and is guilty;
</p>
<p>
  23 Or if his sin, wherein he hath sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall
  bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a male without blemish:
</p>
<p>
  24 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat, and kill it in the
  place where they kill the burnt offering before the Lord: it is a sin
  offering.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger,
  and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out
  his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering.
</p>
<p>
  26 And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice
  of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as
  concerning his sin, and it shall be forgiven him.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he
  doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the Lord concerning things
  which ought not to be done, and be guilty;
</p>
<p>
  28 Or if his sin, which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall
  bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, for his sin
  which he hath sinned.
</p>
<p>
  29 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay the
  sin offering in the place of the burnt offering.
</p>
<p>
  30 And the priest shall take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it
  upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the
  blood thereof at the bottom of the altar.
</p>
<p>
  31 And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from
  off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the
  altar for a sweet savour unto the Lord; and the priest shall make an atonement
  for him, and it shall be forgiven him.
</p>
<p>
  32 And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall bring it a female
  without blemish.
</p>
<p>
  33 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering, and slay it
  for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering.
</p>
<p>
  34 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger,
  and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out
  all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:
</p>
<p>
  35 And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat of the lamb is taken
  away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; and the priest shall burn them
  upon the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the Lord: and the
  priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed, and it
  shall be forgiven him.
</p>
