---
title: Leviticus 9
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:34 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 9
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass on the eighth day, that Moses called Aaron and his sons,
  and the elders of Israel;
</p>
<p>
  2 And he said unto Aaron, Take thee a young calf for a sin offering, and a ram
  for a burnt offering, without blemish, and offer them before the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  3 And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of
  the goats for a sin offering; and a calf and a lamb, both of the first year,
  without blemish, for a burnt offering;
</p>
<p>
  4 Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerings, to sacrifice before the Lord;
  and a meat offering mingled with oil: for to day the Lord will appear unto
  you.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And they brought that which Moses commanded before the tabernacle of
  the congregation: and all the congregation drew near and stood before the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 And Moses said, This is the thing which the Lord commanded that ye should
  do: and the glory of the Lord shall appear unto you.
</p>
<p>
  7 And Moses said unto Aaron, Go unto the altar, and offer thy sin offering,
  and thy burnt offering, and make an atonement for thyself, and for the people:
  and offer the offering of the people, and make an atonement for them; as the
  Lord commanded.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Aaron therefore went unto the altar, and slew the calf of the sin
  offering, which was for himself.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger
  in the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood
  at the bottom of the altar:
</p>
<p>
  10 But the fat, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver of the sin
  offering, he burnt upon the altar; as the Lord commanded Moses.
</p>
<p>11 And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp.</p>
<p>
  12 And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron&#x2019;s sons presented unto him
  the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar.
</p>
<p>
  13 And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof,
  and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar.
</p>
<p>
  14 And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them upon the burnt
  offering on the altar.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And he brought the people&#x2019;s offering, and took the goat,
  which was the sin offering for the people, and slew it, and offered it for
  sin, as the first.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he brought the burnt offering, and offered it according to the manner.
</p>
<p>
  17 And he brought the meat offering, and took an handful thereof, and burnt it
  upon the altar, beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning.
</p>
<p>
  18 He slew also the bullock and the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings,
  which was for the people: and Aaron&#x2019;s sons presented unto him the
  blood, which he sprinkled upon the altar round about,
</p>
<p>
  19 And the fat of the bullock and of the ram, the rump, and that which
  covereth the inwards, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver:
</p>
<p>
  20 And they put the fat upon the breasts, and he burnt the fat upon the altar:
</p>
<p>
  21 And the breasts and the right shoulder Aaron waved for a wave offering
  before the Lord; as Moses commanded.
</p>
<p>
  22 And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came
  down from offering of the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and peace
  offerings.
</p>
<p>
  23 And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation, and came
  out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the Lord appeared unto all the
  people.
</p>
<p>
  24 And there came a fire out from before the Lord, and consumed upon the altar
  the burnt offering and the fat: which when all the people saw, they shouted,
  and fell on their faces.
</p>
