---
title: Ephesians 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:04 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of
  the vocation wherewith ye are called,
</p>
<p>
  2 With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another
  in love;
</p>
<span></span>
<p>3 Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.</p>
<p>
  4 There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your
  calling;
</p>
<p>5 One Lord, one faith, one baptism,</p>
<p>
  6 One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you
  all.
</p>
<p>
  7 But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift
  of Christ.
</p>
<p>
  8 Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive,
  and gave gifts unto men.
</p>
<p>
  9 (Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the
  lower parts of the earth?
</p>
<p>
  10 He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens,
  that he might fill all things.)
</p>
<p>
  11 And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and
  some, pastors and teachers;
</p>
<p>
  12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the
  edifying of the body of Christ:
</p>
<p>
  13 Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son
  of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of
  Christ:
</p>
<p>
  14 That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried
  about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning
  craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
</p>
<p>
  15 But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which
  is the head, even Christ:
</p>
<p>
  16 From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which
  every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of
  every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.
</p>
<p>
  17 This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not
  as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,
</p>
<p>
  18 Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God
  through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their
  heart:
</p>
<p>
  19 Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to
  work all uncleanness with greediness.
</p>
<p>20 But ye have not so learned Christ;</p>
<p>
  21 If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth
  is in Jesus:
</p>
<p>
  22 That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is
  corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;
</p>
<p>23 And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  24 And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness
  and true holiness.
</p>
<p>
  25 Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for
  we are members one of another.
</p>
<p>26 Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:</p>
<p>27 Neither give place to the devil.</p>
<p>
  28 Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with
  his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that
  needeth.
</p>
<p>
  29 Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is
  good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
</p>
<p>
  30 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day
  of redemption.
</p>
<p>
  31 Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking,
  be put away from you, with all malice:
</p>
<p>
  32 And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even
  as God for Christ&#x2019;s sake hath forgiven you.
</p>
