---
title: Ephesians 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>1 Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;</p>
<p>
  2 And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for
  us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.
</p>
<p>
  3 But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once
  named among you, as becometh saints;
</p>
<p>
  4 Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not
  convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
</p>
<p>
  5 For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man,
  who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
</p>
<p>
  6 Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh
  the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.
</p>
<p>7 Be not ye therefore partakers with them.</p>
<p>
  8 For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as
  children of light:
</p>
<p>
  9 (For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and
  truth;)
</p>
<p>10 Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.</p>
<p>
  11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather
  reprove them.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in
  secret.
</p>
<p>
  13 But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for
  whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
</p>
<p>
  14 Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and
  Christ shall give thee light.
</p>
<p>15 See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,</p>
<p>16 Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.</p>
<p>
  17 Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
</p>
<p>
  18 And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the
  Spirit;
</p>
<p>
  19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and
  making melody in your heart to the Lord;
</p>
<p>
  20 Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of
  our Lord Jesus Christ;
</p>
<p>21 Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.</p>
<p>22 Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.</p>
<p>
  23 For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the
  church: and he is the saviour of the body.
</p>
<p>
  24 Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to
  their own husbands in every thing.
</p>
<p>
  25 Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave
  himself for it;
</p>
<p>
  26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the
  word,
</p>
<p>
  27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or
  wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.
</p>
<p>
  28 So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his
  wife loveth himself.
</p>
<p>
  29 For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it,
  even as the Lord the church:
</p>
<p>30 For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.</p>
<p>
  31 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined
  unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
</p>
<p>32 This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.</p>
<p>
  33 Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as
  himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
</p>
