---
title: Ephesians 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>1 Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.</p>
<p>
  2 Honour thy father and mother; (which is the first commandment with promise;)
</p>
<p>3 That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  4 And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in
  the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  5 Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh,
  with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;
</p>
<p>
  6 Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing
  the will of God from the heart;
</p>
<p>7 With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:</p>
<p>
  8 Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive
  of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.
</p>
<p>
  9 And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening:
  knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of
  persons with him.
</p>
<p>
  10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
</p>
<p>
  11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the
  wiles of the devil.
</p>
<p>
  12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities,
  against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against
  spiritual wickedness in high places.
</p>
<p>
  13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to
  withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
</p>
<p>
  14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the
  breastplate of righteousness;
</p>
<p>15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;</p>
<p>
  16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench
  all the fiery darts of the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the
  word of God:
</p>
<p>
  18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching
  thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
</p>
<p>
  19 And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth
  boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,
</p>
<p>
  20 For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as
  I ought to speak.
</p>
<p>
  21 But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved
  brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:
</p>
<p>
  22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our
  affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.
</p>
<p>
  23 Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the
  Lord Jesus Christ.
</p>
<p>
  24 Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>&#xB6; Written from Rome unto the Ephesians by Tychicus.</p>
</div>
