---
title: Esther 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha
  the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that
  were with him.
</p>
<p>
  2 And all the king&#x2019;s servants, that were in the king&#x2019;s gate,
  bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But
  Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then the king&#x2019;s servants, which were in the king&#x2019;s gate, said
  unto Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king&#x2019;s commandment?
</p>
<p>
  4 Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not
  unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai&#x2019;s matters
  would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.
</p>
<p>
  5 And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was
  Haman full of wrath.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him
  the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that
  were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of
  king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day,
  and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people
  scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy
  kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the
  king&#x2019;s laws: therefore it is not for the king&#x2019;s profit to suffer
  them.
</p>
<p>
  9 If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I
  will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the
  charge of the business, to bring it into the king&#x2019;s treasuries.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of
  Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews&#x2019; enemy.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also,
  to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.
</p>
<p>
  12 Then were the king&#x2019;s scribes called on the thirteenth day of the
  first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded
  unto the king&#x2019;s lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every
  province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the
  writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king
  Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king&#x2019;s ring.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the letters were sent by posts into all the king&#x2019;s provinces, to
  destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little
  children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth
  month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.
</p>
<p>
  14 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was
  published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.
</p>
<p>
  15 The posts went out, being hastened by the king&#x2019;s commandment, and
  the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to
  drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
</p>
