---
title: Proverbs 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:19 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>1 The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel;</p>
<p>2 To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding;</p>
<p>
  3 To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity;
</p>
<p>
  4 To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.
</p>
<p>
  5 A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding
  shall attain unto wise counsels:
</p>
<p>
  6 To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and
  their dark sayings.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise
  wisdom and instruction.
</p>
<p>
  8 My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy
  mother:
</p>
<p>
  9 For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy
  neck.
</p>
<p>10 &#xB6; My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not.</p>
<p>
  11 If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily
  for the innocent without cause:
</p>
<p>
  12 Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down
  into the pit:
</p>
<p>
  13 We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:
</p>
<p>14 Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse:</p>
<p>
  15 My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their
  path:
</p>
<p>16 For their feet run to evil, and make haste to shed blood.</p>
<p>17 Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.</p>
<p>
  18 And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own
  lives.
</p>
<p>
  19 So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the
  life of the owners thereof.
</p>
<p>20 &#xB6; Wisdom crieth without; she uttereth her voice in the streets:</p>
<p>
  21 She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates:
  in the city she uttereth her words, saying,
</p>
<p>
  22 How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight
  in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?
</p>
<p>
  23 Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will
  make known my words unto you.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand,
  and no man regarded;
</p>
<p>
  25 But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:
</p>
<p>26 I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;</p>
<p>
  27 When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a
  whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.
</p>
<p>
  28 Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me
  early, but they shall not find me:
</p>
<p>
  29 For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord:
</p>
<p>30 They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof.</p>
<p>
  31 Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with
  their own devices.
</p>
<p>
  32 For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of
  fools shall destroy them.
</p>
<p>
  33 But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from
  fear of evil.
</p>
