---
title: Proverbs 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:34 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son
  is the heaviness of his mother.
</p>
<p>
  2 Treasures of wickedness profit nothing: but righteousness delivereth from
  death.
</p>
<p>
  3 The Lord will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth
  away the substance of the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  4 He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the
  diligent maketh rich.
</p>
<p>
  5 He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest
  is a son that causeth shame.
</p>
<p>
  6 Blessings are upon the head of the just: but violence covereth the mouth of
  the wicked.
</p>
<p>
  7 The memory of the just is blessed: but the name of the wicked shall rot.
</p>
<p>
  8 The wise in heart will receive commandments: but a prating fool shall fall.
</p>
<p>
  9 He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways
  shall be known.
</p>
<p>
  10 He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow: but a prating fool shall fall.
</p>
<p>
  11 The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the
  mouth of the wicked.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>12 Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins.</p>
<p>
  13 In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is
  for the back of him that is void of understanding.
</p>
<p>
  14 Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near
  destruction.
</p>
<p>
  15 The rich man&#x2019;s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the
  poor is their poverty.
</p>
<p>
  16 The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to
  sin.
</p>
<p>
  17 He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth
  reproof erreth.
</p>
<p>
  18 He that hideth hatred with lying lips, and he that uttereth a slander, is a
  fool.
</p>
<p>
  19 In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin: but he that refraineth his
  lips is wise.
</p>
<p>
  20 The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is
  little worth.
</p>
<p>21 The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom.</p>
<p>
  22 The blessing of the Lord, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it.
</p>
<p>
  23 It is as sport to a fool to do mischief: but a man of understanding hath
  wisdom.
</p>
<p>
  24 The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of the
  righteous shall be granted.
</p>
<p>
  25 As the whirlwind passeth, so is the wicked no more: but the righteous is an
  everlasting foundation.
</p>
<p>
  26 As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to
  them that send him.
</p>
<p>
  27 The fear of the Lord prolongeth days: but the years of the wicked shall be
  shortened.
</p>
<p>
  28 The hope of the righteous shall be gladness: but the expectation of the
  wicked shall perish.
</p>
<p>
  29 The way of the Lord is strength to the upright: but destruction shall be to
  the workers of iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  30 The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the
  earth.
</p>
<p>
  31 The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue shall
  be cut out.
</p>
<p>
  32 The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable: but the mouth of the
  wicked speaketh frowardness.
</p>
