---
title: Proverbs 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:37 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is
  brutish.
</p>
<p>
  2 A good man obtaineth favour of the Lord: but a man of wicked devices will he
  condemn.
</p>
<p>
  3 A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous
  shall not be moved.
</p>
<p>
  4 A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is
  as rottenness in his bones.
</p>
<p>
  5 The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are
  deceit.
</p>
<p>
  6 The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the
  upright shall deliver them.
</p>
<p>
  7 The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall
  stand.
</p>
<p>
  8 A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a
  perverse heart shall be despised.
</p>
<p>
  9 He that is despised, and hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth
  himself, and lacketh bread.
</p>
<p>
  10 A righteous man regardeth the life of his beast: but the tender mercies of
  the wicked are cruel.
</p>
<p>
  11 He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with bread: but he that
  followeth vain persons is void of understanding.
</p>
<p>
  12 The wicked desireth the net of evil men: but the root of the righteous
  yieldeth fruit.
</p>
<p>
  13 The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall
  come out of trouble.
</p>
<p>
  14 A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the
  recompence of a man&#x2019;s hands shall be rendered unto him.
</p>
<p>
  15 The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto
  counsel is wise.
</p>
<p>
  16 A fool&#x2019;s wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame.
</p>
<p>
  17 He that speaketh truth sheweth forth righteousness: but a false witness
  deceit.
</p>
<p>
  18 There is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of the
  wise is health.
</p>
<p>
  19 The lip of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying tongue is but
  for a moment.
</p>
<p>
  20 Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of
  peace is joy.
</p>
<p>
  21 There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with
  mischief.
</p>
<p>
  22 Lying lips are abomination to the Lord: but they that deal truly are his
  delight.
</p>
<p>
  23 A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth
  foolishness.
</p>
<p>
  24 The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under
  tribute.
</p>
<p>
  25 Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it
  glad.
</p>
<p>
  26 The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the
  wicked seduceth them.
</p>
<p>
  27 The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in hunting: but the
  substance of a diligent man is precious.
</p>
<p>
  28 In the way of righteousness is life; and in the pathway thereof there is no
  death.
</p>
