---
title: Proverbs 15
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:41 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 15
---

<p>1 A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.</p>
<p>
  2 The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools
  poureth out foolishness.
</p>
<p>
  3 The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good.
</p>
<p>
  4 A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach
  in the spirit.
</p>
<p>
  5 A fool despiseth his father&#x2019;s instruction: but he that regardeth
  reproof is prudent.
</p>
<p>
  6 In the house of the righteous is much treasure: but in the revenues of the
  wicked is trouble.
</p>
<p>
  7 The lips of the wise disperse knowledge: but the heart of the foolish doeth
  not so.
</p>
<p>
  8 The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the Lord: but the prayer of
  the upright is his delight.
</p>
<p>
  9 The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the Lord: but he loveth him
  that followeth after righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  10 Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way: and he that hateth
  reproof shall die.
</p>
<p>
  11 Hell and destruction are before the Lord: how much more then the hearts of
  the children of men?
</p>
<p>
  12 A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the
  wise.
</p>
<p>
  13 A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the
  spirit is broken.
</p>
<p>
  14 The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth
  of fools feedeth on foolishness.
</p>
<p>
  15 All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart
  hath a continual feast.
</p>
<p>
  16 Better is little with the fear of the Lord than great treasure and trouble
  therewith.
</p>
<p>
  17 Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred
  therewith.
</p>
<p>
  18 A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth
  strife.
</p>
<p>
  19 The way of the slothful man is as an hedge of thorns: but the way of the
  righteous is made plain.
</p>
<p>
  20 A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish man despiseth his mother.
</p>
<p>
  21 Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom: but a man of understanding
  walketh uprightly.
</p>
<p>
  22 Without counsel purposes are disappointed: but in the multitude of
  counsellors they are established.
</p>
<p>
  23 A man hath joy by the answer of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season,
  how good is it!
</p>
<p>
  24 The way of life is above to the wise, that he may depart from hell beneath.
</p>
<p>
  25 The Lord will destroy the house of the proud: but he will establish the
  border of the widow.
</p>
<p>
  26 The thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the Lord: but the words of
  the pure are pleasant words.
</p>
<p>
  27 He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house; but he that hateth gifts
  shall live.
</p>
<p>
  28 The heart of the righteous studieth to answer: but the mouth of the wicked
  poureth out evil things.
</p>
<p>
  29 The Lord is far from the wicked: but he heareth the prayer of the
  righteous.
</p>
<p>
  30 The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart: and a good report maketh the
  bones fat.
</p>
<p>31 The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise.</p>
<p>
  32 He that refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth
  reproof getteth understanding.
</p>
<p>
  33 The fear of the Lord is the instruction of wisdom; and before honour is
  humility.
</p>
