---
title: Proverbs 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:48 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>
  1 Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth
  with all wisdom.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 A fool hath no delight in understanding, but that his heart may discover
  itself.
</p>
<p>
  3 When the wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy
  reproach.
</p>
<p>
  4 The words of a man&#x2019;s mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of
  wisdom as a flowing brook.
</p>
<p>
  5 It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the
  righteous in judgment.
</p>
<p>
  6 A fool&#x2019;s lips enter into contention, and his mouth calleth for
  strokes.
</p>
<p>
  7 A fool&#x2019;s mouth is his destruction, and his lips are the snare of his
  soul.
</p>
<p>
  8 The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost
  parts of the belly.
</p>
<p>
  9 He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great
  waster.
</p>
<p>
  10 The name of the Lord is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and
  is safe.
</p>
<p>
  11 The rich man&#x2019;s wealth is his strong city, and as an high wall in his
  own conceit.
</p>
<p>
  12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is
  humility.
</p>
<p>
  13 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto
  him.
</p>
<p>
  14 The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity; but a wounded spirit who
  can bear?
</p>
<p>
  15 The heart of the prudent getteth knowledge; and the ear of the wise seeketh
  knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  16 A man&#x2019;s gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
</p>
<p>
  17 He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbour cometh
  and searcheth him.
</p>
<p>18 The lot causeth contentions to cease, and parteth between the mighty.</p>
<p>
  19 A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their
  contentions are like the bars of a castle.
</p>
<p>
  20 A man&#x2019;s belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and
  with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.
</p>
<p>
  21 Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall
  eat the fruit thereof.
</p>
<p>
  22 Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>23 The poor useth entreaties; but the rich answereth roughly.</p>
<p>
  24 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend
  that sticketh closer than a brother.
</p>
