---
title: Proverbs 19
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:49 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 19
---

<p>
  1 Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse
  in his lips, and is a fool.
</p>
<p>
  2 Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that
  hasteth with his feet sinneth.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 The foolishness of man perverteth his way: and his heart fretteth against
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  4 Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour.
</p>
<p>
  5 A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall not
  escape.
</p>
<p>
  6 Many will entreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him
  that giveth gifts.
</p>
<p>
  7 All the brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go
  far from him? he pursueth them with words, yet they are wanting to him.
</p>
<p>
  8 He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul: he that keepeth understanding
  shall find good.
</p>
<p>
  9 A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall
  perish.
</p>
<p>
  10 Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over
  princes.
</p>
<p>
  11 The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it is his glory to pass
  over a transgression.
</p>
<p>
  12 The king&#x2019;s wrath is as the roaring of a lion; but his favour is as
  dew upon the grass.
</p>
<p>
  13 A foolish son is the calamity of his father: and the contentions of a wife
  are a continual dropping.
</p>
<p>
  14 House and riches are the inheritance of fathers: and a prudent wife is from
  the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  15 Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer
  hunger.
</p>
<p>
  16 He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth
  his ways shall die.
</p>
<p>
  17 He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the Lord; and that which he
  hath given will he pay him again.
</p>
<p>
  18 Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his
  crying.
</p>
<p>
  19 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet
  thou must do it again.
</p>
<p>
  20 Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy
  latter end.
</p>
<p>
  21 There are many devices in a man&#x2019;s heart; nevertheless the counsel of
  the Lord, that shall stand.
</p>
<p>
  22 The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar.
</p>
<p>
  23 The fear of the Lord tendeth to life: and he that hath it shall abide
  satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil.
</p>
<p>
  24 A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom, and will not so much as bring
  it to his mouth again.
</p>
<p>
  25 Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware: and reprove one that hath
  understanding, and he will understand knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  26 He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that
  causeth shame, and bringeth reproach.
</p>
<p>
  27 Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words
  of knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  28 An ungodly witness scorneth judgment: and the mouth of the wicked devoureth
  iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  29 Judgments are prepared for scorners, and stripes for the back of fools.
</p>
