---
title: Proverbs 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:21 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;
</p>
<p>
  2 So that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to
  understanding;
</p>
<p>
  3 Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for
  understanding;
</p>
<p>
  4 If thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures;
</p>
<p>
  5 Then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge of
  God.
</p>
<p>
  6 For the Lord giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and
  understanding.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that
  walk uprightly.
</p>
<p>8 He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints.</p>
<p>
  9 Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea,
  every good path.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; When wisdom entereth into thine heart, and knowledge is pleasant
  unto thy soul;
</p>
<p>11 Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall keep thee:</p>
<p>
  12 To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaketh
  froward things;
</p>
<p>13 Who leave the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;</p>
<p>14 Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked;</p>
<p>15 Whose ways are crooked, and they froward in their paths:</p>
<p>
  16 To deliver thee from the strange woman, even from the stranger which
  flattereth with her words;
</p>
<p>
  17 Which forsaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her
  God.
</p>
<p>18 For her house inclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.</p>
<p>
  19 None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold of the paths of
  life.
</p>
<p>
  20 That thou mayest walk in the way of good men, and keep the paths of the
  righteous.
</p>
<p>
  21 For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in
  it.
</p>
<p>
  22 But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall
  be rooted out of it.
</p>
