---
title: Proverbs 21
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:51 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 21
---

<p>
  1 The king&#x2019;s heart is in the hand of the Lord, as the rivers of water:
  he turneth it whithersoever he will.
</p>
<p>
  2 Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the Lord pondereth the
  hearts.
</p>
<p>
  3 To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the Lord than sacrifice.
</p>
<p>4 An high look, and a proud heart, and the plowing of the wicked, is sin.</p>
<p>
  5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of every one
  that is hasty only to want.
</p>
<p>
  6 The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of
  them that seek death.
</p>
<p>
  7 The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do
  judgment.
</p>
<p>
  8 The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is
  right.
</p>
<p>
  9 It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling
  woman in a wide house.
</p>
<p>
  10 The soul of the wicked desireth evil: his neighbour findeth no favour in
  his eyes.
</p>
<p>
  11 When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is
  instructed, he receiveth knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  12 The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God
  overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness.
</p>
<p>
  13 Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself,
  but shall not be heard.
</p>
<p>
  14 A gift in secret pacifieth anger: and a reward in the bosom strong wrath.
</p>
<p>
  15 It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the
  workers of iniquity.
</p>
<p>
  16 The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the
  congregation of the dead.
</p>
<p>
  17 He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man: he that loveth wine and oil
  shall not be rich.
</p>
<p>
  18 The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous, and the transgressor for
  the upright.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  19 It is better to dwell in the wilderness, than with a contentious and an
  angry woman.
</p>
<p>
  20 There is treasure to be desired and oil in the dwelling of the wise; but a
  foolish man spendeth it up.
</p>
<p>
  21 He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life,
  righteousness, and honour.
</p>
<p>
  22 A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of
  the confidence thereof.
</p>
<p>23 Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles.</p>
<p>24 Proud and haughty scorner is his name, who dealeth in proud wrath.</p>
<p>
  25 The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour.
</p>
<p>
  26 He coveteth greedily all the day long: but the righteous giveth and spareth
  not.
</p>
<p>
  27 The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, when he bringeth
  it with a wicked mind?
</p>
<p>
  28 A false witness shall perish: but the man that heareth speaketh constantly.
</p>
<p>
  29 A wicked man hardeneth his face: but as for the upright, he directeth his
  way.
</p>
<p>30 There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel against the Lord.</p>
<p>
  31 The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the Lord.
</p>
