---
title: Proverbs 25
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:54 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 25
---

<p>
  1 These are also proverbs of Solomon, which the men of Hezekiah king of Judah
  copied out.
</p>
<p>
  2 It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to
  search out a matter.
</p>
<p>
  3 The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is
  unsearchable.
</p>
<p>
  4 Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for
  the finer.
</p>
<p>
  5 Take away the wicked from before the king, and his throne shall be
  established in righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  6 Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the
  place of great men:
</p>
<p>
  7 For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou
  shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have
  seen.
</p>
<p>
  8 Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end
  thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame.
</p>
<p>
  9 Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to
  another:
</p>
<p>
  10 Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away.
</p>
<p>11 A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver.</p>
<p>
  12 As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover
  upon an obedient ear.
</p>
<p>
  13 As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to
  them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters.
</p>
<p>
  14 Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without
  rain.
</p>
<p>
  15 By long forbearing is a prince persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the
  bone.
</p>
<p>
  16 Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be
  filled therewith, and vomit it.
</p>
<p>
  17 Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour&#x2019;s house; lest he be weary of
  thee, and so hate thee.
</p>
<p>
  18 A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a
  sword, and a sharp arrow.
</p>
<p>
  19 Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth,
  and a foot out of joint.
</p>
<p>
  20 As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as vinegar upon
  nitre, so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart.
</p>
<p>
  21 If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he be thirsty, give
  him water to drink:
</p>
<p>
  22 For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the Lord shall reward
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  23 The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting
  tongue.
</p>
<p>
  24 It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling
  woman and in a wide house.
</p>
<p>25 As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country.</p>
<p>
  26 A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain,
  and a corrupt spring.
</p>
<p>
  27 It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is
  not glory.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  28 He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken
  down, and without walls.
</p>
