---
title: Proverbs 26
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:54 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 26
---

<p>
  1 As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honour is not seemly for a
  fool.
</p>
<p>
  2 As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse causeless
  shall not come.
</p>
<p>
  3 A whip for the horse, a bridle for the ass, and a rod for the fool&#x2019;s
  back.
</p>
<p>
  4 Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him.
</p>
<p>
  5 Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
</p>
<p>
  6 He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and
  drinketh damage.
</p>
<p>
  7 The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a parable in the mouth of fools.
</p>
<p>
  8 As he that bindeth a stone in a sling, so is he that giveth honour to a
  fool.
</p>
<p>
  9 As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the
  mouth of fools.
</p>
<p>
  10 The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth
  transgressors.
</p>
<p>11 As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly.</p>
<p>
  12 Seest thou a man wise in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than
  of him.
</p>
<p>
  13 The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the
  streets.
</p>
<p>
  14 As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed.
</p>
<p>
  15 The slothful hideth his hand in his bosom; it grieveth him to bring it
  again to his mouth.
</p>
<p>
  16 The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a
  reason.
</p>
<p>
  17 He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not to him, is like
  one that taketh a dog by the ears.
</p>
<p>18 As a mad man who casteth firebrands, arrows, and death,</p>
<p>
  19 So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?
</p>
<p>
  20 Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no
  talebearer, the strife ceaseth.
</p>
<p>
  21 As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a contentious man to
  kindle strife.
</p>
<p>
  22 The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the
  innermost parts of the belly.
</p>
<p>
  23 Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a potsherd covered with silver
  dross.
</p>
<p>
  24 He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;
</p>
<p>
  25 When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in
  his heart.
</p>
<p>
  26 Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be shewed before
  the whole congregation.
</p>
<p>
  27 Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it
  will return upon him.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  28 A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering
  mouth worketh ruin.
</p>
