---
title: Proverbs 27
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:55 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 27
---

<p>
  1 Boast not thyself of to morrow; for thou knowest not what a day may bring
  forth.
</p>
<p>
  2 Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not
  thine own lips.
</p>
<p>
  3 A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool&#x2019;s wrath is heavier
  than them both.
</p>
<p>
  4 Wrath is cruel, and anger is outrageous; but who is able to stand before
  envy?
</p>
<p>5 Open rebuke is better than secret love.</p>
<p>
  6 Faithful are the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy are
  deceitful.
</p>
<p>
  7 The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter
  thing is sweet.
</p>
<p>
  8 As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his
  place.
</p>
<p>
  9 Ointment and perfume rejoice the heart: so doth the sweetness of a
  man&#x2019;s friend by hearty counsel.
</p>
<p>
  10 Thine own friend, and thy father&#x2019;s friend, forsake not; neither go
  into thy brother&#x2019;s house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a
  neighbour that is near than a brother far off.
</p>
<p>
  11 My son, be wise, and make my heart glad, that I may answer him that
  reproacheth me.
</p>
<p>
  12 A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the simple pass
  on, and are punished.
</p>
<p>
  13 Take his garment that is surety for a stranger, and take a pledge of him
  for a strange woman.
</p>
<p>
  14 He that blesseth his friend with a loud voice, rising early in the morning,
  it shall be counted a curse to him.
</p>
<p>
  15 A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike.
</p>
<p>
  16 Whosoever hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand,
  which bewrayeth itself.
</p>
<p>
  17 Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
</p>
<p>
  18 Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof: so he that waiteth
  on his master shall be honoured.
</p>
<p>19 As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man.</p>
<p>
  20 Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never
  satisfied.
</p>
<p>
  21 As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his
  praise.
</p>
<p>
  22 Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle,
  yet will not his foolishness depart from him.
</p>
<p>
  23 Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy
  herds.
</p>
<p>
  24 For riches are not for ever: and doth the crown endure to every generation?
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  25 The hay appeareth, and the tender grass sheweth itself, and herbs of the
  mountains are gathered.
</p>
<p>
  26 The lambs are for thy clothing, and the goats are the price of the field.
</p>
<p>
  27 And thou shalt have goats&#x2019; milk enough for thy food, for the food of
  thy household, and for the maintenance for thy maidens.
</p>
