---
title: Proverbs 28
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:56 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 28
---

<p>
  1 The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion.
</p>
<p>
  2 For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof: but by a man
  of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged.
</p>
<p>
  3 A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no
  food.
</p>
<p>
  4 They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law
  contend with them.
</p>
<p>
  5 Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the Lord understand all
  things.
</p>
<p>
  6 Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse
  in his ways, though he be rich.
</p>
<p>
  7 Whoso keepeth the law is a wise son: but he that is a companion of riotous
  men shameth his father.
</p>
<p>
  8 He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather
  it for him that will pity the poor.
</p>
<p>
  9 He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be
  abomination.
</p>
<p>
  10 Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall
  himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in
  possession.
</p>
<p>
  11 The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath
  understanding searcheth him out.
</p>
<p>
  12 When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked
  rise, a man is hidden.
</p>
<p>
  13 He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and
  forsaketh them shall have mercy.
</p>
<p>
  14 Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall
  fall into mischief.
</p>
<p>
  15 As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor
  people.
</p>
<p>
  16 The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he
  that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days.
</p>
<p>
  17 A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit;
  let no man stay him.
</p>
<p>
  18 Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways
  shall fall at once.
</p>
<p>
  19 He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth
  after vain persons shall have poverty enough.
</p>
<p>
  20 A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be
  rich shall not be innocent.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  21 To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man
  will transgress.
</p>
<p>
  22 He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye, and considereth not that
  poverty shall come upon him.
</p>
<p>
  23 He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that
  flattereth with the tongue.
</p>
<p>
  24 Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression;
  the same is the companion of a destroyer.
</p>
<p>
  25 He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his
  trust in the Lord shall be made fat.
</p>
<p>
  26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he
  shall be delivered.
</p>
<p>
  27 He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack: but he that hideth his eyes
  shall have many a curse.
</p>
<p>
  28 When the wicked rise, men hide themselves: but when they perish, the
  righteous increase.
</p>
