---
title: Proverbs 29
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 29
---

<p>
  1 He, that being often reproved hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be
  destroyed, and that without remedy.
</p>
<p>
  2 When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked
  beareth rule, the people mourn.
</p>
<p>
  3 Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with
  harlots spendeth his substance.
</p>
<p>
  4 The king by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts
  overthroweth it.
</p>
<p>5 A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his feet.</p>
<p>
  6 In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth
  sing and rejoice.
</p>
<p>
  7 The righteous considereth the cause of the poor: but the wicked regardeth
  not to know it.
</p>
<p>8 Scornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath.</p>
<p>
  9 If a wise man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there
  is no rest.
</p>
<p>10 The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.</p>
<p>
  11 A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards.
</p>
<p>12 If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked.</p>
<p>
  13 The poor and the deceitful man meet together: the Lord lighteneth both
  their eyes.
</p>
<p>
  14 The king that faithfully judgeth the poor, his throne shall be established
  for ever.
</p>
<p>
  15 The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his
  mother to shame.
</p>
<p>
  16 When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous
  shall see their fall.
</p>
<p>
  17 Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight
  unto thy soul.
</p>
<p>
  18 Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law,
  happy is he.
</p>
<p>
  19 A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will
  not answer.
</p>
<p>
  20 Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool
  than of him.
</p>
<p>
  21 He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him
  become his son at the length.
</p>
<p>
  22 An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in
  transgression.
</p>
<p>
  23 A man&#x2019;s pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the
  humble in spirit.
</p>
<p>
  24 Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and
  bewrayeth it not.
</p>
<p>
  25 The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the Lord
  shall be safe.
</p>
<p>
  26 Many seek the ruler&#x2019;s favour; but every man&#x2019;s judgment cometh
  from the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  27 An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the
  way is abomination to the wicked.
</p>
