---
title: Proverbs 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:23 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>1 My son, forget not my law; but let thine heart keep my commandments:</p>
<p>2 For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee.</p>
<p>
  3 Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them
  upon the table of thine heart:
</p>
<p>
  4 So shalt thou find favour and good understanding in the sight of God and
  man.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own
  understanding.
</p>
<p>6 In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the Lord, and depart from evil.
</p>
<p>8 It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones.</p>
<p>
  9 Honour the Lord with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine
  increase:
</p>
<p>
  10 So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out
  with new wine.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord; neither be weary of
  his correction:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 For whom the Lord loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he
  delighteth.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth
  understanding.
</p>
<p>
  14 For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the
  gain thereof than fine gold.
</p>
<p>
  15 She is more precious than rubies: and all the things thou canst desire are
  not to be compared unto her.
</p>
<p>
  16 Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and
  honour.
</p>
<p>17 Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.</p>
<p>
  18 She is a tree of life to them that lay hold upon her: and happy is every
  one that retaineth her.
</p>
<p>
  19 The Lord by wisdom hath founded the earth; by understanding hath he
  established the heavens.
</p>
<p>
  20 By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the
  dew.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; My son, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep sound wisdom and
  discretion:
</p>
<p>22 So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck.</p>
<p>
  23 Then shalt thou walk in thy way safely, and thy foot shall not stumble.
</p>
<p>
  24 When thou liest down, thou shalt not be afraid: yea, thou shalt lie down,
  and thy sleep shall be sweet.
</p>
<p>
  25 Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when
  it cometh.
</p>
<p>
  26 For the Lord shall be thy confidence, and shall keep thy foot from being
  taken.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the
  power of thine hand to do it.
</p>
<p>
  28 Say not unto thy neighbour, Go, and come again, and to morrow I will give;
  when thou hast it by thee.
</p>
<p>
  29 Devise not evil against thy neighbour, seeing he dwelleth securely by thee.
</p>
<p>
  30 &#xB6; Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm.
</p>
<p>31 &#xB6; Envy thou not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways.</p>
<p>
  32 For the froward is abomination to the Lord: but his secret is with the
  righteous.
</p>
<p>
  33 &#xB6; The curse of the Lord is in the house of the wicked: but he blesseth
  the habitation of the just.
</p>
<p>34 Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.</p>
<p>
  35 The wise shall inherit glory: but shame shall be the promotion of fools.
</p>
