---
title: Proverbs 30
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 30
---

<p>
  1 The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto
  Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal,
</p>
<p>
  2 Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understanding of a
  man.
</p>
<p>3 I neither learned wisdom, nor have the knowledge of the holy.</p>
<p>
  4 Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind
  in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established all
  the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what is his son&#x2019;s name, if
  thou canst tell?
</p>
<p>
  5 Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in
  him.
</p>
<p>
  6 Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar.
</p>
<p>7 Two things have I required of thee; deny me them not before I die:</p>
<p>
  8 Remove far from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed
  me with food convenient for me:
</p>
<p>
  9 Lest I be full, and deny thee, and say, Who is the Lord? or lest I be poor,
  and steal, and take the name of my God in vain.
</p>
<p>
  10 Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found
  guilty.
</p>
<p>
  11 There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their
  mother.
</p>
<p>
  12 There is a generation that are pure in their own eyes, and yet is not
  washed from their filthiness.
</p>
<p>
  13 There is a generation, O how lofty are their eyes! and their eyelids are
  lifted up.
</p>
<p>
  14 There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as
  knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men.
</p>
<p>
  15 The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three
  things that are never satisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough:
</p>
<p>
  16 The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water;
  and the fire that saith not, It is enough.
</p>
<p>
  17 The eye that mocketh at his father, and despiseth to obey his mother, the
  ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it.
</p>
<p>
  18 There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I
  know not:
</p>
<p>
  19 The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way
  of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid.
</p>
<p>
  20 Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth,
  and saith, I have done no wickedness.
</p>
<p>
  21 For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it cannot
  bear:
</p>
<p>
  22 For a servant when he reigneth; and a fool when he is filled with meat;
</p>
<p>
  23 For an odious woman when she is married; and an handmaid that is heir to
  her mistress.
</p>
<p>
  24 There be four things which are little upon the earth, but they are
  exceeding wise:
</p>
<p>
  25 The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the
  summer;
</p>
<p>
  26 The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;
</p>
<p>27 The locusts have no king, yet go they forth all of them by bands;</p>
<p>
  28 The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings&#x2019; palaces.
</p>
<p>29 There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going:</p>
<p>30 A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any;</p>
<p>
  31 A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising
  up.
</p>
<p>
  32 If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself, or if thou hast thought
  evil, lay thine hand upon thy mouth.
</p>
<p>
  33 Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the
  nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife.
</p>
