---
title: Proverbs 31
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 31
---

<p>1 The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him.</p>
<p>
  2 What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?
</p>
<p>
  3 Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy ways to that which destroyeth
  kings.
</p>
<p>
  4 It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine; nor for
  princes strong drink:
</p>
<p>
  5 Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the
  afflicted.
</p>
<p>
  6 Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that
  be of heavy hearts.
</p>
<p>7 Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more.</p>
<p>
  8 Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to
  destruction.
</p>
<p>
  9 Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and
  needy.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
</p>
<p>
  11 The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no
  need of spoil.
</p>
<p>12 She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life.</p>
<p>13 She seeketh wool, and flax, and worketh willingly with her hands.</p>
<p>
  14 She is like the merchants&#x2019; ships; she bringeth her food from afar.
</p>
<p>
  15 She riseth also while it is yet night, and giveth meat to her household,
  and a portion to her maidens.
</p>
<p>
  16 She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she
  planteth a vineyard.
</p>
<p>17 She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms.</p>
<p>
  18 She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by
  night.
</p>
<p>19 She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff.</p>
<p>
  20 She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she reacheth forth her hands
  to the needy.
</p>
<p>
  21 She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are
  clothed with scarlet.
</p>
<p>
  22 She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing is silk and purple.
</p>
<p>
  23 Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the
  land.
</p>
<p>
  24 She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles unto the
  merchant.
</p>
<p>
  25 Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to
  come.
</p>
<p>
  26 She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of
  kindness.
</p>
<p>
  27 She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of
  idleness.
</p>
<p>
  28 Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he
  praiseth her.
</p>
<p>29 Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.</p>
<p>
  30 Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the Lord,
  she shall be praised.
</p>
<p>
  31 Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the
  gates.
</p>
