---
title: Proverbs 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:25 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know
  understanding.
</p>
<p>2 For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law.</p>
<p>
  3 For I was my father&#x2019;s son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my
  mother.
</p>
<p>
  4 He taught me also, and said unto me, Let thine heart retain my words: keep
  my commandments, and live.
</p>
<p>
  5 Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words
  of my mouth.
</p>
<p>
  6 Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep
  thee.
</p>
<p>
  7 Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy
  getting get understanding.
</p>
<p>
  8 Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when
  thou dost embrace her.
</p>
<p>
  9 She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall
  she deliver to thee.
</p>
<p>
  10 Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be
  many.
</p>
<p>
  11 I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths.
</p>
<p>
  12 When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest,
  thou shalt not stumble.
</p>
<p>
  13 Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy
  life.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil
  men.
</p>
<p>15 Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.</p>
<p>
  16 For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is
  taken away, unless they cause some to fall.
</p>
<p>17 For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.</p>
<p>
  18 But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and
  more unto the perfect day.
</p>
<p>
  19 The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble.
</p>
<p>20 &#xB6; My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.</p>
<p>
  21 Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.
</p>
<p>
  22 For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of
  life.
</p>
<p>
  24 Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee.
</p>
<p>
  25 Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before
  thee.
</p>
<p>26 Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established.</p>
<p>27 Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil.</p>
