---
title: Proverbs 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>1 My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:</p>
<p>
  2 That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth
  is smoother than oil:
</p>
<p>4 But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a twoedged sword.</p>
<p>5 Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.</p>
<p>
  6 Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that
  thou canst not know them.
</p>
<p>
  7 Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my
  mouth.
</p>
<p>8 Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:</p>
<p>9 Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:</p>
<p>
  10 Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house
  of a stranger;
</p>
<p>11 And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,</p>
<p>12 And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;</p>
<p>
  13 And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them
  that instructed me!
</p>
<p>
  14 I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of
  thine own well.
</p>
<p>
  16 Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.
</p>
<p>17 Let them be only thine own, and not strangers&#x2019; with thee.</p>
<p>18 Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.</p>
<p>
  19 Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy
  thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.
</p>
<p>
  20 And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace
  the bosom of a stranger?
</p>
<p>
  21 For the ways of man are before the eyes of the Lord, and he pondereth all
  his goings.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be
  holden with the cords of his sins.
</p>
<p>
  23 He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he
  shall go astray.
</p>
