---
title: Proverbs 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:28 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand
  with a stranger,
</p>
<p>
  2 Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou art taken with the words
  of thy mouth.
</p>
<p>
  3 Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand
  of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend.
</p>
<p>4 Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids.</p>
<p>
  5 Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the
  hand of the fowler.
</p>
<p>6 &#xB6; Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:</p>
<p>7 Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,</p>
<p>
  8 Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest.
</p>
<p>
  9 How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?
</p>
<p>
  10 Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to
  sleep:
</p>
<p>
  11 So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed
  man.
</p>
<p>12 &#xB6; A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth.</p>
<p>
  13 He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his
  fingers;
</p>
<p>
  14 Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth
  discord.
</p>
<p>
  15 Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken
  without remedy.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven are an abomination
  unto him:
</p>
<p>17 A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,</p>
<p>
  18 An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running
  to mischief,
</p>
<p>
  19 A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among
  brethren.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; My son, keep thy father&#x2019;s commandment, and forsake not the
  law of thy mother:
</p>
<p>21 Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck.</p>
<p>
  22 When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou sleepest, it shall keep
  thee; and when thou awakest, it shall talk with thee.
</p>
<p>
  23 For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of
  instruction are the way of life:
</p>
<p>
  24 To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a
  strange woman.
</p>
<p>
  25 Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with
  her eyelids.
</p>
<p>
  26 For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and
  the adulteress will hunt for the precious life.
</p>
<p>27 Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?</p>
<p>28 Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?</p>
<p>
  29 So he that goeth in to his neighbour&#x2019;s wife; whosoever toucheth her
  shall not be innocent.
</p>
<p>
  30 Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is
  hungry;
</p>
<p>
  31 But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the
  substance of his house.
</p>
<p>
  32 But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that
  doeth it destroyeth his own soul.
</p>
<p>
  33 A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped
  away.
</p>
<p>
  34 For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day
  of vengeance.
</p>
<p>
  35 He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou
  givest many gifts.
</p>
