---
title: Proverbs 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:30 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>1 My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with thee.</p>
<p>2 Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye.</p>
<p>3 Bind them upon thy fingers, write them upon the table of thine heart.</p>
<p>
  4 Say unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman:
</p>
<p>
  5 That they may keep thee from the strange woman, from the stranger which
  flattereth with her words.
</p>
<p>6 &#xB6; For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,</p>
<p>
  7 And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man
  void of understanding,
</p>
<p>
  8 Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her
  house,
</p>
<p>9 In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil
  of heart.
</p>
<p>11 (She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:</p>
<p>
  12 Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)
</p>
<p>
  13 So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him,
</p>
<p>14 I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows.</p>
<p>
  15 Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I
  have found thee.
</p>
<p>
  16 I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with
  fine linen of Egypt.
</p>
<p>17 I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.</p>
<p>
  18 Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace
  ourselves with loves.
</p>
<p>19 For the goodman is not at home, he is gone a long journey:</p>
<p>
  20 He hath taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day
  appointed.
</p>
<p>
  21 With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of
  her lips she forced him.
</p>
<p>
  22 He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a
  fool to the correction of the stocks;
</p>
<p>
  23 Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and
  knoweth not that it is for his life.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the
  words of my mouth.
</p>
<p>25 Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.</p>
<p>
  26 For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong men have been slain
  by her.
</p>
<p>27 Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.</p>
