---
title: Proverbs 9
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:33 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 9
---

<p>1 Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars:</p>
<p>
  2 She hath killed her beasts; she hath mingled her wine; she hath also
  furnished her table.
</p>
<p>
  3 She hath sent forth her maidens: she crieth upon the highest places of the
  city,
</p>
<p>
  4 Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: as for him that wanteth
  understanding, she saith to him,
</p>
<p>5 Come, eat of my bread, and drink of the wine which I have mingled.</p>
<span></span>
<p>6 Forsake the foolish, and live; and go in the way of understanding.</p>
<p>
  7 He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a
  wicked man getteth himself a blot.
</p>
<p>
  8 Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will
  love thee.
</p>
<p>
  9 Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man,
  and he will increase in learning.
</p>
<p>
  10 The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the
  holy is understanding.
</p>
<p>
  11 For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be
  increased.
</p>
<p>
  12 If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself: but if thou scornest, thou
  alone shalt bear it.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knoweth nothing.
</p>
<p>
  14 For she sitteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of
  the city,
</p>
<p>15 To call passengers who go right on their ways:</p>
<p>
  16 Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: and as for him that wanteth
  understanding, she saith to him,
</p>
<p>17 Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant.</p>
<p>
  18 But he knoweth not that the dead are there; and that her guests are in the
  depths of hell.
</p>
