---
title: 2 Kings 15
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:40 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 15
---

<p>
  1 In the twenty and seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah son
  of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
</p>
<p>
  2 Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned two and
  fifty years in Jerusalem. And his mother&#x2019;s name was Jecholiah of
  Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord, according to all
  that his father Amaziah had done;
</p>
<p>
  4 Save that the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burnt
  incense still on the high places.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; And the Lord smote the king, so that he was a leper unto the day of
  his death, and dwelt in a several house. And Jotham the king&#x2019;s son was
  over the house, judging the people of the land.
</p>
<p>
  6 And the rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not
  written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
</p>
<p>
  7 So Azariah slept with his fathers; and they buried him with his fathers in
  the city of David: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah
  the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months.
</p>
<p>
  9 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord, as his fathers had
  done: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made
  Israel to sin.
</p>
<p>
  10 And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him, and smote him before
  the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in the book
  of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  12 This was the word of the Lord which he spake unto Jehu, saying, Thy sons
  shall sit on the throne of Israel unto the fourth generation. And so it came
  to pass.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Shallum the son of Jabesh began to reign in the nine and thirtieth
  year of Uzziah king of Judah; and he reigned a full month in Samaria.
</p>
<p>
  14 For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and
  smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made,
  behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the
  coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote
  it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.
</p>
<p>
  17 In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the
  son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
</p>
<p>
  18 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord: he departed not
  all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to
  sin.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a
  thousand talents of silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the
  kingdom in his hand.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Menahem exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of
  wealth, of each man fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria.
  So the king of Assyria turned back, and stayed not there in the land.
</p>
<p>
  21 &#xB6; And the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, are they
  not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
</p>
<p>
  22 And Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his
  stead.
</p>
<p>
  23 &#xB6; In the fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son of
  Menahem began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned two years.
</p>
<p>
  24 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord: he departed not
  from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
</p>
<p>
  25 But Pekah the son of Remaliah, a captain of his, conspired against him, and
  smote him in Samaria, in the palace of the king&#x2019;s house, with Argob and
  Arieh, and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and
  reigned in his room.
</p>
<p>
  26 And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are
  written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; In the two and fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekah the son
  of Remaliah began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twenty years.
</p>
<p>
  28 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord: he departed not
  from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
</p>
<p>
  29 In the days of Pekah king of Israel came Tiglath-pileser king of Assyria,
  and took Ijon, and Abel-beth-maachah, and Janoah, and Kedesh, and Hazor, and
  Gilead, and Galilee, all the land of Naphtali, and carried them captive to
  Assyria.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of
  Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the
  twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah.
</p>
<p>
  31 And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are
  written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  32 &#xB6; In the second year of Pekah the son of Remaliah king of Israel began
  Jotham the son of Uzziah king of Judah to reign.
</p>
<p>
  33 Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned
  sixteen years in Jerusalem. And his mother&#x2019;s name was Jerusha, the
  daughter of Zadok.
</p>
<p>
  34 And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord: he did according
  to all that his father Uzziah had done.
</p>
<p>
  35 &#xB6; Howbeit the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and
  burned incense still in the high places. He built the higher gate of the house
  of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  36 &#xB6; Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they
  not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
</p>
<p>
  37 In those days the Lord began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria,
  and Pekah the son of Remaliah.
</p>
<p>
  38 And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the
  city of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
