---
title: 2 Kings 17
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:42 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 17
---

<p>
  1 In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah to
  reign in Samaria over Israel nine years.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord, but not as the
  kings of Israel that were before him.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; Against him came up Shalmaneser king of Assyria; and Hoshea became
  his servant, and gave him presents.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the king of Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent
  messengers to So king of Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria,
  as he had done year by year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and
  bound him in prison.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Then the king of Assyria came up throughout all the land, and went up
  to Samaria, and besieged it three years.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and
  carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the
  river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
</p>
<p>
  7 For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the Lord their
  God, which had brought them up out of the land of Egypt, from under the hand
  of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other gods,
</p>
<p>
  8 And walked in the statutes of the heathen, whom the Lord cast out from
  before the children of Israel, and of the kings of Israel, which they had
  made.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the children of Israel did secretly those things that were not right
  against the Lord their God, and they built them high places in all their
  cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
</p>
<p>
  10 And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every
  green tree:
</p>
<p>
  11 And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as did the heathen
  whom the Lord carried away before them; and wrought wicked things to provoke
  the Lord to anger:
</p>
<p>
  12 For they served idols, whereof the Lord had said unto them, Ye shall not do
  this thing.
</p>
<p>
  13 Yet the Lord testified against Israel, and against Judah, by all the
  prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep
  my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded
  your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.
</p>
<p>
  14 Notwithstanding they would not hear, but hardened their necks, like to the
  neck of their fathers, that did not believe in the Lord their God.
</p>
<p>
  15 And they rejected his statutes, and his covenant that he made with their
  fathers, and his testimonies which he testified against them; and they
  followed vanity, and became vain, and went after the heathen that were round
  about them, concerning whom the Lord had charged them, that they should not do
  like them.
</p>
<p>
  16 And they left all the commandments of the Lord their God, and made them
  molten images, even two calves, and made a grove, and worshipped all the host
  of heaven, and served Baal.
</p>
<p>
  17 And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire,
  and used divination and enchantments, and sold themselves to do evil in the
  sight of the Lord, to provoke him to anger.
</p>
<p>
  18 Therefore the Lord was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his
  sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.
</p>
<p>
  19 Also Judah kept not the commandments of the Lord their God, but walked in
  the statutes of Israel which they made.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the Lord rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and
  delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his
  sight.
</p>
<p>
  21 For he rent Israel from the house of David; and they made Jeroboam the son
  of Nebat king: and Jeroboam drave Israel from following the Lord, and made
  them sin a great sin.
</p>
<p>
  22 For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did;
  they departed not from them;
</p>
<p>
  23 Until the Lord removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all his
  servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to
  Assyria unto this day.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah,
  and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the
  cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed
  Samaria, and dwelt in the cities thereof.
</p>
<p>
  25 And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there, that they feared
  not the Lord: therefore the Lord sent lions among them, which slew some of
  them.
</p>
<p>
  26 Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which thou
  hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the
  God of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, and, behold, they
  slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land.
</p>
<p>
  27 Then the king of Assyria commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the
  priests whom ye brought from thence; and let them go and dwell there, and let
  him teach them the manner of the God of the land.
</p>
<p>
  28 Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and
  dwelt in Beth-el, and taught them how they should fear the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  29 Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of
  the high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities
  wherein they dwelt.
</p>
<p>
  30 And the men of Babylon made Succoth-benoth, and the men of Cuth made
  Nergal, and the men of Hamath made Ashima,
</p>
<p>
  31 And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites burnt their
  children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
</p>
<p>
  32 So they feared the Lord, and made unto themselves of the lowest of them
  priests of the high places, which sacrificed for them in the houses of the
  high places.
</p>
<p>
  33 They feared the Lord, and served their own gods, after the manner of the
  nations whom they carried away from thence.
</p>
<p>
  34 Unto this day they do after the former manners: they fear not the Lord,
  neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or after the
  law and commandment which the Lord commanded the children of Jacob, whom he
  named Israel;
</p>
<p>
  35 With whom the Lord had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall
  not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice
  to them:
</p>
<p>
  36 But the Lord, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power
  and a stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye worship, and to
  him shall ye do sacrifice.
</p>
<p>
  37 And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment,
  which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and ye shall not
  fear other gods.
</p>
<p>
  38 And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not forget; neither
  shall ye fear other gods.
</p>
<p>
  39 But the Lord your God ye shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the
  hand of all your enemies.
</p>
<p>40 Howbeit they did not hearken, but they did after their former manner.</p>
<p>
  41 So these nations feared the Lord, and served their graven images, both
  their children, and their children&#x2019;s children: as did their fathers, so
  do they unto this day.
</p>
