---
title: 2 Kings 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:44 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>
  1 Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel,
  that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign.
</p>
<p>
  2 Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned
  twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. His mother&#x2019;s name also was Abi, the
  daughter of Zachariah.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord, according to all
  that David his father did.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; He removed the high places, and brake the images, and cut down the
  groves, and brake in pieces the brasen serpent that Moses had made: for unto
  those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it
  Nehushtan.
</p>
<p>
  5 He trusted in the Lord God of Israel; so that after him was none like him
  among all the kings of Judah, nor any that were before him.
</p>
<p>
  6 For he clave to the Lord, and departed not from following him, but kept his
  commandments, which the Lord commanded Moses.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the Lord was with him; and he prospered whithersoever he went forth: and
  he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and served him not.
</p>
<p>
  8 He smote the Philistines, even unto Gaza, and the borders thereof, from the
  tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Hezekiah, which was
  the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Shalmaneser king
  of Assyria came up against Samaria, and besieged it.
</p>
<p>
  10 And at the end of three years they took it: even in the sixth year of
  Hezekiah, that is the ninth year of Hoshea king of Israel, Samaria was taken.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in
  Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:
</p>
<p>
  12 Because they obeyed not the voice of the Lord their God, but transgressed
  his covenant, and all that Moses the servant of the Lord commanded, and would
  not hear them, nor do them.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of
  Assyria come up against all the fenced cities of Judah, and took them.
</p>
<p>
  14 And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish, saying,
  I have offended; return from me: that which thou puttest on me will I bear.
  And the king of Assyria appointed unto Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred
  talents of silver and thirty talents of gold.
</p>
<p>
  15 And Hezekiah gave him all the silver that was found in the house of the
  Lord, and in the treasures of the king&#x2019;s house.
</p>
<p>
  16 At that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the temple of
  the Lord, and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid, and
  gave it to the king of Assyria.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rab-shakeh from
  Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up
  and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the
  conduit of the upper pool, which is in the highway of the fuller&#x2019;s
  field.
</p>
<p>
  18 And when they had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the
  son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah
  the son of Asaph the recorder.
</p>
<p>
  19 And Rab-shakeh said unto them, Speak ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the
  great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou
  trustest?
</p>
<p>
  20 Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for
  the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?
</p>
<p>
  21 Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon
  Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is
  Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him.
</p>
<p>
  22 But if ye say unto me, We trust in the Lord our God: is not that he, whose
  high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and hath said to Judah
  and Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem?
</p>
<p>
  23 Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria,
  and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to
  set riders upon them.
</p>
<p>
  24 How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my
  master&#x2019;s servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for
  horsemen?
</p>
<p>
  25 Am I now come up without the Lord against this place to destroy it? The
  Lord said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
</p>
<p>
  26 Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto
  Rab-shakeh, Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we
  understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews&#x2019; language in the ears
  of the people that are on the wall.
</p>
<p>
  27 But Rab-shakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to
  thee, to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the
  wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
</p>
<p>
  28 Then Rab-shakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews&#x2019;
  language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of
  Assyria:
</p>
<p>
  29 Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able
  to deliver you out of his hand:
</p>
<p>
  30 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord, saying, The Lord will
  surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the
  king of Assyria.
</p>
<p>
  31 Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an
  agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man
  of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the
  waters of his cistern:
</p>
<p>
  32 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn
  and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey,
  that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he
  persuadeth you, saying, The Lord will deliver us.
</p>
<p>
  33 Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the
  hand of the king of Assyria?
</p>
<p>
  34 Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where are the gods of
  Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of mine hand?
</p>
<p>
  35 Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their
  country out of mine hand, that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem out of mine
  hand?
</p>
<p>
  36 But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the
  king&#x2019;s commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
</p>
<p>
  37 Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and
  Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder, to Hezekiah with
  their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rab-shakeh.
</p>
