---
title: 2 Kings 25
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:51 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 25
---

<p>
  1 And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in
  the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and
  all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts
  against it round about.
</p>
<p>2 And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.</p>
<p>
  3 And on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city,
  and there was no bread for the people of the land.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by
  the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the king&#x2019;s garden:
  (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the king went the
  way toward the plain.
</p>
<p>
  5 And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the
  plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him.
</p>
<p>
  6 So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah;
  and they gave judgment upon him.
</p>
<p>
  7 And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of
  Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the
  nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzar-adan,
  captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:
</p>
<p>
  9 And he burnt the house of the Lord, and the king&#x2019;s house, and all the
  houses of Jerusalem, and every great man&#x2019;s house burnt he with fire.
</p>
<p>
  10 And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the guard,
  brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about.
</p>
<p>
  11 Now the rest of the people that were left in the city, and the fugitives
  that fell away to the king of Babylon, with the remnant of the multitude, did
  Nebuzar-adan the captain of the guard carry away.
</p>
<p>
  12 But the captain of the guard left of the poor of the land to be
  vinedressers and husbandmen.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the Lord, and the bases,
  and the brasen sea that was in the house of the Lord, did the Chaldees break
  in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all
  the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of gold, in gold,
  and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away.
</p>
<p>
  16 The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the
  house of the Lord; the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
</p>
<p>
  17 The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it
  was brass: and the height of the chapiter three cubits; and the wreathen work,
  and pomegranates upon the chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto
  these had the second pillar with wreathen work.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and
  Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
</p>
<p>
  19 And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war,
  and five men of them that were in the king&#x2019;s presence, which were found
  in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people
  of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in
  the city:
</p>
<p>
  20 And Nebuzar-adan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the
  king of Babylon to Riblah:
</p>
<p>
  21 And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of
  Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom
  Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the
  son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler.
</p>
<p>
  23 And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the
  king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah,
  even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah
  the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite,
  they and their men.
</p>
<p>
  24 And Gedaliah sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not
  to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of
  Babylon; and it shall be well with you.
</p>
<p>
  25 But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of
  Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him,
  and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with
  him at Mizpah.
</p>
<p>
  26 And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies,
  arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity
  of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth
  day of the month, that Evil-merodach king of Babylon in the year that he began
  to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;
</p>
<p>
  28 And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the
  kings that were with him in Babylon;
</p>
<p>
  29 And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before
  him all the days of his life.
</p>
<p>
  30 And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily
  rate for every day, all the days of his life.
</p>
