---
title: 2 Kings 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:32 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying,
  Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst
  sojourn: for the Lord hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon
  the land seven years.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God: and she
  went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines seven
  years.
</p>
<p>
  3 And it came to pass at the seven years&#x2019; end, that the woman returned
  out of the land of the Philistines: and she went forth to cry unto the king
  for her house and for her land.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell
  me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha hath done.
</p>
<p>
  5 And it came to pass, as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead
  body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life,
  cried to the king for her house and for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O
  king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.
</p>
<p>
  6 And when the king asked the woman, she told him. So the king appointed unto
  her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was hers, and all the fruits
  of the field since the day that she left the land, even until now.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And Elisha came to Damascus; and Ben-hadad the king of Syria was
  sick; and it was told him, saying, The man of God is come hither.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the king said unto Hazael, Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet
  the man of God, and inquire of the Lord by him, saying, Shall I recover of
  this disease?
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  9 So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good
  thing of Damascus, forty camels&#x2019; burden, and came and stood before him,
  and said, Thy son Ben-hadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall
  I recover of this disease?
</p>
<p>
  10 And Elisha said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover:
  howbeit the Lord hath shewed me that he shall surely die.
</p>
<p>
  11 And he settled his countenance steadfastly, until he was ashamed: and the
  man of God wept.
</p>
<p>
  12 And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the
  evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt
  thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt
  dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
</p>
<p>
  13 And Hazael said, But what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this
  great thing? And Elisha answered, The Lord hath shewed me that thou shalt be
  king over Syria.
</p>
<p>
  14 So he departed from Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What
  said Elisha to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely
  recover.
</p>
<p>
  15 And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped
  it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in
  his stead.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel,
  Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of
  Judah began to reign.
</p>
<p>
  17 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned
  eight years in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  18 And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab:
  for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  19 Yet the Lord would not destroy Judah for David his servant&#x2019;s sake,
  as he promised him to give him alway a light, and to his children.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a
  king over themselves.
</p>
<p>
  21 So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose by
  night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of
  the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.
</p>
<p>
  22 Yet Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. Then Libnah
  revolted at the same time.
</p>
<p>
  23 And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not
  written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
</p>
<p>
  24 And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the
  city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel did
  Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah begin to reign.
</p>
<p>
  26 Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; and he reigned
  one year in Jerusalem. And his mother&#x2019;s name was Athaliah, the daughter
  of Omri king of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  27 And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab, and did evil in the sight of
  the Lord, as did the house of Ahab: for he was the son in law of the house of
  Ahab.
</p>
<p>
  28 &#xB6; And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael
  king of Syria in Ramoth-gilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.
</p>
<p>
  29 And king Joram went back to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the
  Syrians had given him at Ramah, when he fought against Hazael king of Syria.
  And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Joram the son of
  Ahab in Jezreel, because he was sick.
</p>
