---
title: Titus 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>1 But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:</p>
<p>
  2 That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in
  patience.
</p>
<p>
  3 The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not
  false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;
</p>
<p>
  4 That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to
  love their children,
</p>
<p>
  5 To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own
  husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.
</p>
<p>6 Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.</p>
<p>
  7 In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing
  uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,
</p>
<p>
  8 Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part
  may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.
</p>
<p>
  9 Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them
  well in all things; not answering again;
</p>
<p>
  10 Not purloining, but shewing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the
  doctrine of God our Saviour in all things.
</p>
<p>11 For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,</p>
<p>
  12 Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live
  soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God
  and our Saviour Jesus Christ;
</p>
<p>
  14 Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and
  purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.
</p>
<p>
  15 These things speak, and exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no man
  despise thee.
</p>
