---
title: Titus 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey
  magistrates, to be ready to every good work,
</p>
<p>
  2 To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness
  unto all men.
</p>
<p>
  3 For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving
  divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one
  another.
</p>
<p>
  4 But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,
</p>
<p>
  5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy
  he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;
</p>
<p>6 Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;</p>
<p>
  7 That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the
  hope of eternal life.
</p>
<p>
  8 This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm
  constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain
  good works. These things are good and profitable unto men.
</p>
<p>
  9 But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings
  about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
</p>
<p>
  10 A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
</p>
<p>
  11 Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of
  himself.
</p>
<p>
  12 When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto
  me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.
</p>
<p>
  13 Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that
  nothing be wanting unto them.
</p>
<p>
  14 And let ours also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that
  they be not unfruitful.
</p>
<p>
  15 All that are with me salute thee. Greet them that love us in the faith.
  Grace be with you all. Amen.
</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>
    &#xB6; It was written to Titus, ordained the first bishop of the church of
    the Cretians, from Nicopolis of Macedonia.
  </p>
</div>
