---
title: Amos 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:18 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw
  concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of
  Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he said, The Lord will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from
  Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of
  Carmel shall wither.
</p>
<p>
  3 Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I
  will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have threshed Gilead
  with threshing instruments of iron:
</p>
<p>
  4 But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the
  palaces of Ben-hadad.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  5 I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the
  plain of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden: and
  the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four,
  I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive
  the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:
</p>
<p>
  7 But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces
  thereof:
</p>
<p>
  8 And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the
  sceptre from Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the
  remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four,
  I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the
  whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:
</p>
<p>
  10 But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces
  thereof.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four,
  I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his brother
  with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually,
  and he kept his wrath for ever:
</p>
<p>
  12 But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of
  Bozrah.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of the children of
  Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they
  have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their
  border:
</p>
<p>
  14 But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the
  palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day
  of the whirlwind:
</p>
<p>
  15 And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith
  the Lord.
</p>
