---
title: Amos 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:20 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Moab, and for four, I will
  not turn away the punishment thereof; because he burned the bones of the king
  of Edom into lime:
</p>
<p>
  2 But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of
  Kerioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of
  the trumpet:
</p>
<p>
  3 And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof, and will slay all the
  princes thereof with him, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four,
  I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the
  law of the Lord, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused
  them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:
</p>
<p>
  5 But I will send a fire upon Judah, and it shall devour the palaces of
  Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; Thus saith the Lord; For three transgressions of Israel, and for
  four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they sold the
  righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes;
</p>
<p>
  7 That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn
  aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same
  maid, to profane my holy name:
</p>
<p>
  8 And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and
  they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the
  height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit
  from above, and his roots from beneath.
</p>
<p>
  10 Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years
  through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite.
</p>
<p>
  11 And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for
  Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  12 But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets,
  saying, Prophesy not.
</p>
<p>
  13 Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of
  sheaves.
</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not
  strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:
</p>
<p>
  15 Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot
  shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver
  himself.
</p>
<p>
  16 And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that
  day, saith the Lord.
</p>
