---
title: Amos 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:30 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 Thus hath the Lord God shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers
  in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the
  latter growth after the king&#x2019;s mowings.
</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of
  the land, then I said, O Lord God, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall
  Jacob arise? for he is small.
</p>
<p>3 The Lord repented for this: It shall not be, saith the Lord.</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; Thus hath the Lord God shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord God
  called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great deep, and did eat up a
  part.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then said I, O Lord God, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise?
  for he is small.
</p>
<p>6 The Lord repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord God.</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the Lord stood upon a wall made by a
  plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the Lord said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline.
  Then said the Lord, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people
  Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:
</p>
<p>
  9 And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of
  Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with
  the sword.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Then Amaziah the priest of Beth-el sent to Jeroboam king of Israel,
  saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel:
  the land is not able to bear all his words.
</p>
<p>
  11 For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall
  surely be led away captive out of their own land.
</p>
<p>
  12 Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land
  of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:
</p>
<p>
  13 But prophesy not again any more at Beth-el: for it is the king&#x2019;s
  chapel, and it is the king&#x2019;s court.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; Then answered Amos, and said to Amaziah, I was no prophet, neither
  was I a prophet&#x2019;s son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore
  fruit:
</p>
<p>
  15 And the Lord took me as I followed the flock, and the Lord said unto me,
  Go, prophesy unto my people Israel.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; Now therefore hear thou the word of the Lord: Thou sayest, Prophesy
  not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac.
</p>
<p>
  17 Therefore thus saith the Lord; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and
  thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be
  divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall
  surely go into captivity forth of his land.
</p>
