---
title: Joshua 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:43 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>
  1 And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at
  Shiloh, and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was
  subdued before them.
</p>
<p>
  2 And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes, which had not
  yet received their inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  3 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, How long are ye slack to go to
  possess the land, which the Lord God of your fathers hath given you?
</p>
<p>
  4 Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and
  they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the
  inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.
</p>
<p>
  5 And they shall divide it into seven parts: Judah shall abide in their coast
  on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the
  north.
</p>
<p>
  6 Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the
  description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the Lord
  our God.
</p>
<p>
  7 But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the Lord is
  their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh, have
  received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which Moses the servant
  of the Lord gave them.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went
  to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it,
  and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before the Lord in
  Shiloh.
</p>
<p>
  9 And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities
  into seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And Joshua cast lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord: and there
  Joshua divided the land unto the children of Israel according to their
  divisions.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And the lot of the tribe of the children of Benjamin came up
  according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth between the
  children of Judah and the children of Joseph.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up
  to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up through the mountains
  westward; and the goings out thereof were at the wilderness of Beth-aven.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the border went over from thence toward Luz, to the side of Luz, which
  is Beth-el, southward; and the border descended to Ataroth-adar, near the hill
  that lieth on the south side of the nether Beth-horon.
</p>
<p>
  14 And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea
  southward, from the hill that lieth before Beth-horon southward; and the
  goings out thereof were at Kirjath-baal, which is Kirjath-jearim, a city of
  the children of Judah: this was the west quarter.
</p>
<p>
  15 And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjath-jearim, and the border
  went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of Nephtoah:
</p>
<p>
  16 And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the
  valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the
  north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the
  south, and descended to En-rogel,
</p>
<p>
  17 And was drawn from the north, and went forth to En-shemesh, and went forth
  toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended
  to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,
</p>
<p>
  18 And passed along toward the side over against Arabah northward, and went
  down unto Arabah:
</p>
<p>
  19 And the border passed along to the side of Beth-hoglah northward: and the
  outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end
  of Jordan: this was the south coast.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance
  of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to
  their families.
</p>
<p>
  21 Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their
  families were Jericho, and Beth-hoglah, and the valley of Keziz,
</p>
<p>22 And Beth-arabah, and Zemaraim, and Beth-el,</p>
<p>23 And Avim, and Parah, and Ophrah,</p>
<p>
  24 And Chephar-haammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve cities with their
  villages:
</p>
<p>25 Gibeon, and Ramah, and Beeroth,</p>
<p>26 And Mizpeh, and Chephirah, and Mozah,</p>
<p>27 And Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah,</p>
<p>
  28 And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath;
  fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children
  of Benjamin according to their families.
</p>
