---
title: Mark 15
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:10 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 15
---

<p>
  1 And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with
  the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him
  away, and delivered him to Pilate.
</p>
<p>
  2 And Pilate asked him, Art thou the King of the Jews? And he answering said
  unto him, Thou sayest it.
</p>
<p>
  3 And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answerest thou nothing? behold how many
  things they witness against thee.
</p>
<p>5 But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.</p>
<p>
  6 Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they
  desired.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 And there was one named Barabbas, which lay bound with them that had made
  insurrection with him, who had committed murder in the insurrection.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the multitude crying aloud began to desire him to do as he had ever done
  unto them.
</p>
<p>
  9 But Pilate answered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King
  of the Jews?
</p>
<p>10 For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.</p>
<p>
  11 But the chief priests moved the people, that he should rather release
  Barabbas unto them.
</p>
<p>
  12 And Pilate answered and said again unto them, What will ye then that I
  shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?
</p>
<p>13 And they cried out again, Crucify him.</p>
<p>
  14 Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out
  the more exceedingly, Crucify him.
</p>
<p>
  15 &#xB6; And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto
  them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified.
</p>
<p>
  16 And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Pr&#xE6;torium; and
  they call together the whole band.
</p>
<p>
  17 And they clothed him with purple, and plaited a crown of thorns, and put it
  about his head,
</p>
<p>18 And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!</p>
<p>
  19 And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and
  bowing their knees worshipped him.
</p>
<p>
  20 And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put
  his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.
</p>
<p>
  21 And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the
  country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.
</p>
<p>
  22 And they bring him unto the place Golgotha, which is, being interpreted,
  The place of a skull.
</p>
<p>
  23 And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not.
</p>
<p>
  24 And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots
  upon them, what every man should take.
</p>
<p>25 And it was the third hour, and they crucified him.</p>
<p>
  26 And the superscription of his accusation was written over, The King of the
  Jews.
</p>
<p>
  27 And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the
  other on his left.
</p>
<p>
  28 And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the
  transgressors.
</p>
<p>
  29 And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah,
  thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,
</p>
<p>30 Save thyself, and come down from the cross.</p>
<p>
  31 Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the
  scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.
</p>
<p>
  32 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see
  and believe. And they that were crucified with him reviled him.
</p>
<p>
  33 And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land
  until the ninth hour.
</p>
<p>
  34 And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi,
  lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou
  forsaken me?
</p>
<p>
  35 And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he
  calleth Elias.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  36 And one ran and filled a sponge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and
  gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to
  take him down.
</p>
<p>37 And Jesus cried with a loud voice, and gave up the ghost.</p>
<p>
  38 And the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom.
</p>
<p>
  39 &#xB6; And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so
  cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.
</p>
<p>
  40 There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene,
  and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
</p>
<p>
  41 (Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;)
  and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  42 &#xB6; And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that
  is, the day before the sabbath,
</p>
<p>
  43 Joseph of Arimath&#xE6;a, an honourable counsellor, which also waited for
  the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body
  of Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  44 And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead: and calling unto him the
  centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.
</p>
<p>45 And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.</p>
<p>
  46 And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen,
  and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone
  unto the door of the sepulchre.
</p>
<p>
  47 And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he was laid.
</p>
