---
title: 2 Chronicles 26
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:51 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 26
---

<p>
  1 Then all the people of Judah took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and
  made him king in the room of his father Amaziah.
</p>
<p>
  2 He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his
  fathers.
</p>
<p>
  3 Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty
  and two years in Jerusalem. His mother&#x2019;s name also was Jecoliah of
  Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord, according to all
  that his father Amaziah did.
</p>
<p>
  5 And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the
  visions of God: and as long as he sought the Lord, God made him to prosper.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he went forth and warred against the Philistines, and brake down the
  wall of Gath, and the wall of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities
  about Ashdod, and among the Philistines.
</p>
<p>
  7 And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that
  dwelt in Gur-baal, and the Mehunims.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to
  the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly.
</p>
<p>
  9 Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the
  valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.
</p>
<p>
  10 Also he built towers in the desert, and digged many wells: for he had much
  cattle, both in the low country, and in the plains: husbandmen also, and vine
  dressers in the mountains, and in Carmel: for he loved husbandry.
</p>
<p>
  11 Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out to war by bands,
  according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel the scribe and
  Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the king&#x2019;s
  captains.
</p>
<p>
  12 The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valour
  were two thousand and six hundred.
</p>
<p>
  13 And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand
  and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against
  the enemy.
</p>
<p>
  14 And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host shields, and spears,
  and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones.
</p>
<p>
  15 And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the
  towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his
  name spread far abroad; for he was marvellously helped, till he was strong.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his destruction:
  for he transgressed against the Lord his God, and went into the temple of the
  Lord to burn incense upon the altar of incense.
</p>
<p>
  17 And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of
  the Lord, that were valiant men:
</p>
<p>
  18 And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It appertaineth not
  unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the Lord, but to the priests the sons
  of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the sanctuary; for
  thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honour from the Lord God.
</p>
<p>
  19 Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and
  while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead
  before the priests in the house of the Lord, from beside the incense altar.
</p>
<p>
  20 And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and,
  behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence;
  yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the Lord had smitten him.
</p>
<p>
  21 And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a
  several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the Lord:
  and Jotham his son was over the king&#x2019;s house, judging the people of the
  land.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the
  prophet, the son of Amoz, write.
</p>
<p>
  23 So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in
  the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a
  leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
