---
title: 2 Chronicles 27
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:52 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 27
---

<p>
  1 Jotham was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned
  sixteen years in Jerusalem. His mother&#x2019;s name also was Jerushah, the
  daughter of Zadok.
</p>
<p>
  2 And he did that which was right in the sight of the Lord, according to all
  that his father Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the
  Lord. And the people did yet corruptly.
</p>
<p>
  3 He built the high gate of the house of the Lord, and on the wall of Ophel he
  built much.
</p>
<p>
  4 Moreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah, and in the forests he
  built castles and towers.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against
  them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of
  silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So
  much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the
  third.
</p>
<p>
  6 So Jotham became mighty, because he prepared his ways before the Lord his
  God.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways,
  lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
</p>
<p>
  8 He was five and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen
  years in Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And Jotham slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of
  David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.
</p>
