---
title: Numbers 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:35 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them:
  that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the
  journeying of the camps.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  3 And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble
  themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
</p>
<p>
  4 And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of
  the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  5 When ye blow an alarm, then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go
  forward.
</p>
<p>
  6 When ye blow an alarm the second time, then the camps that lie on the south
  side shall take their journey: they shall blow an alarm for their journeys.
</p>
<p>
  7 But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye
  shall not sound an alarm.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they
  shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations.
</p>
<p>
  9 And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then
  ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before
  the Lord your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies.
</p>
<p>
  10 Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the
  beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt
  offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be
  to you for a memorial before your God: I am the Lord your God.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the
  second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the
  testimony.
</p>
<p>
  12 And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of
  Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran.
</p>
<p>
  13 And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the Lord
  by the hand of Moses.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of
  Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of
  Amminadab.
</p>
<p>
  15 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel
  the son of Zuar.
</p>
<p>
  16 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son
  of Helon.
</p>
<p>
  17 And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of
  Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to
  their armies: and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur.
</p>
<p>
  19 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the
  son of Zurishaddai.
</p>
<p>
  20 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son
  of Deuel.
</p>
<p>
  21 And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the other did
  set up the tabernacle against they came.
</p>
<p>
  22 &#xB6; And the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward
  according to their armies: and over his host was Elishama the son of Ammihud.
</p>
<p>
  23 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the
  son of Pedahzur.
</p>
<p>
  24 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the
  son of Gideoni.
</p>
<p>
  25 &#xB6; And the standard of the camp of the children of Dan set forward,
  which was the rearward of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his
  host was Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
</p>
<p>
  26 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son
  of Ocran.
</p>
<p>
  27 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the
  son of Enan.
</p>
<p>
  28 Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their
  armies, when they set forward.
</p>
<p>
  29 &#xB6; And Moses said unto Hobab, the son of Raguel the Midianite,
  Moses&#x2019; father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the
  Lord said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good:
  for the Lord hath spoken good concerning Israel.
</p>
<p>
  30 And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land,
  and to my kindred.
</p>
<p>
  31 And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we
  are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes.
</p>
<p>
  32 And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goodness
  the Lord shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee.
</p>
<p>
  33 &#xB6; And they departed from the mount of the Lord three days&#x2019;
  journey: and the ark of the covenant of the Lord went before them in the three
  days&#x2019; journey, to search out a resting place for them.
</p>
<p>
  34 And the cloud of the Lord was upon them by day, when they went out of the
  camp.
</p>
<p>
  35 And it came to pass, when the ark set forward, that Moses said, Rise up,
  Lord, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee
  before thee.
</p>
<p>
  36 And when it rested, he said, Return, O Lord, unto the many thousands of
  Israel.
</p>
