---
title: Numbers 11
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:36 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 11
---

<p>
  1 And when the people complained, it displeased the Lord: and the Lord heard
  it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the Lord burnt among them, and
  consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.
</p>
<p>
  2 And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the Lord, the
  fire was quenched.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the Lord
  burnt among them.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And the mixed multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the
  children of Israel also wept again, and said, Who shall give us flesh to eat?
</p>
<p>
  5 We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and
  the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlick:
</p>
<p>
  6 But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this manna,
  before our eyes.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the manna was as coriander seed, and the colour thereof as the colour of
  bdellium.
</p>
<p>
  8 And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat
  it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of
  it was as the taste of fresh oil.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  9 And when the dew fell upon the camp in the night, the manna fell upon it.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Then Moses heard the people weep throughout their families, every
  man in the door of his tent: and the anger of the Lord was kindled greatly;
  Moses also was displeased.
</p>
<p>
  11 And Moses said unto the Lord, Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant?
  and wherefore have I not found favour in thy sight, that thou layest the
  burden of all this people upon me?
</p>
<p>
  12 Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest
  say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the sucking
  child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?
</p>
<p>
  13 Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto
  me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat.
</p>
<p>
  14 I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for
  me.
</p>
<p>
  15 And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have
  found favour in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the
  elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and
  officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation,
  that they may stand there with thee.
</p>
<p>
  17 And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the
  spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the
  burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.
</p>
<p>
  18 And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye
  shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the Lord, saying, Who shall
  give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the Lord
  will give you flesh, and ye shall eat.
</p>
<p>
  19 Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days,
  nor twenty days;
</p>
<p>
  20 But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be
  loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the Lord which is among you,
  and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?
</p>
<p>
  21 And Moses said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand
  footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole
  month.
</p>
<p>
  22 Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall
  all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?
</p>
<p>
  23 And the Lord said unto Moses, Is the Lord&#x2019;s hand waxed short? thou
  shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not.
</p>
<p>
  24 &#xB6; And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the Lord, and
  gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about
  the tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the Lord came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the
  spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders: and it came to
  pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not
  cease.
</p>
<p>
  26 But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was
  Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and
  they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and
  they prophesied in the camp.
</p>
<p>
  27 And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do
  prophesy in the camp.
</p>
<p>
  28 And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men,
  answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them.
</p>
<p>
  29 And Moses said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the
  Lord&#x2019;s people were prophets, and that the Lord would put his spirit
  upon them!
</p>
<p>30 And Moses gat him into the camp, he and the elders of Israel.</p>
<p>
  31 &#xB6; And there went forth a wind from the Lord, and brought quails from
  the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day&#x2019;s journey on
  this side, and as it were a day&#x2019;s journey on the other side, round
  about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  32 And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next
  day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers:
  and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp.
</p>
<p>
  33 And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the
  wrath of the Lord was kindled against the people, and the Lord smote the
  people with a very great plague.
</p>
<p>
  34 And he called the name of that place Kibroth-hattaavah: because there they
  buried the people that lusted.
</p>
<p>
  35 And the people journeyed from Kibroth-hattaavah unto Hazeroth; and abode at
  Hazeroth.
</p>
