---
title: Numbers 17
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:43 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 17
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Speak unto the children of Israel, and take of every one of them a rod
  according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the
  house of their fathers twelve rods: write thou every man&#x2019;s name upon
  his rod.
</p>
<p>
  3 And thou shalt write Aaron&#x2019;s name upon the rod of Levi: for one rod
  shall be for the head of the house of their fathers.
</p>
<p>
  4 And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the
  testimony, where I will meet with you.
</p>
<p>
  5 And it shall come to pass, that the man&#x2019;s rod, whom I shall choose,
  shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children
  of Israel, whereby they murmur against you.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, and every one of their
  princes gave him a rod apiece, for each prince one, according to their
  fathers&#x2019; houses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their
  rods.
</p>
<p>
  7 And Moses laid up the rods before the Lord in the tabernacle of witness.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of
  witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and
  brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.
</p>
<p>
  9 And Moses brought out all the rods from before the Lord unto all the
  children of Israel: and they looked, and took every man his rod.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Bring Aaron&#x2019;s rod again before
  the testimony, to be kept for a token against the rebels; and thou shalt quite
  take away their murmurings from me, that they die not.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>11 And Moses did so: as the Lord commanded him, so did he.</p>
<p>
  12 And the children of Israel spake unto Moses, saying, Behold, we die, we
  perish, we all perish.
</p>
<p>
  13 Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the Lord shall die:
  shall we be consumed with dying?
</p>
