---
title: Numbers 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:24 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses in the day that the Lord
  spake with Moses in mount Sinai.
</p>
<p>
  2 And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and
  Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
</p>
<p>
  3 These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed,
  whom he consecrated to minister in the priest&#x2019;s office.
</p>
<p>
  4 And Nadab and Abihu died before the Lord, when they offered strange fire
  before the Lord, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and
  Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest&#x2019;s office in the sight of
  Aaron their father.
</p>
<p>5 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  6 Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that
  they may minister unto him.
</p>
<p>
  7 And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation
  before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the
  tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  8 And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the
  congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of
  the tabernacle.
</p>
<p>
  9 And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his sons: they are wholly
  given unto him out of the children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  10 And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their
  priest&#x2019;s office: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to
  death.
</p>
<p>11 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  12 And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel
  instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of
  Israel: therefore the Levites shall be mine;
</p>
<p>
  13 Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the
  firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel,
  both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
</p>
<p>
  15 Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their
  families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them.
</p>
<p>
  16 And Moses numbered them according to the word of the Lord, as he was
  commanded.
</p>
<p>
  17 And these were the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and
  Merari.
</p>
<p>
  18 And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni,
  and Shimei.
</p>
<p>
  19 And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and
  Uzziel.
</p>
<p>
  20 And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the
  families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers.
</p>
<p>
  21 Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites:
  these are the families of the Gershonites.
</p>
<p>
  22 Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males,
  from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were seven
  thousand and five hundred.
</p>
<p>
  23 The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward.
</p>
<p>
  24 And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be
  Eliasaph the son of Lael.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation
  shall be the tabernacle, and the tent, the covering thereof, and the hanging
  for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
</p>
<p>
  26 And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the court,
  which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords of it
  for all the service thereof.
</p>
<p>
  27 &#xB6; And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the
  Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the
  Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites.
</p>
<p>
  28 In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight
  thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary.
</p>
<p>
  29 The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the
  tabernacle southward.
</p>
<p>
  30 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites
  shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel.
</p>
<p>
  31 And their charge shall be the ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and
  the altars, and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the
  hanging, and all the service thereof.
</p>
<p>
  32 And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of
  the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the
  sanctuary.
</p>
<p>
  33 &#xB6; Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the
  Mushites: these are the families of Merari.
</p>
<p>
  34 And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the
  males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred.
</p>
<p>
  35 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was
  Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle
  northward.
</p>
<p>
  36 And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards
  of the tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the
  sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto,
</p>
<p>
  37 And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their
  pins, and their cords.
</p>
<p>
  38 &#xB6; But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even
  before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron
  and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the
  children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.
</p>
<p>
  39 All that were numbered of the Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at
  the commandment of the Lord, throughout their families, all the males from a
  month old and upward, were twenty and two thousand.
</p>
<p>
  40 &#xB6; And the Lord said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn of the males
  of the children of Israel from a month old and upward, and take the number of
  their names.
</p>
<p>
  41 And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am the Lord) instead of all the
  firstborn among the children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead
  of all the firstlings among the cattle of the children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  42 And Moses numbered, as the Lord commanded him, all the firstborn among the
  children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  43 And all the firstborn males by the number of names, from a month old and
  upward, of those that were numbered of them, were twenty and two thousand two
  hundred and threescore and thirteen.
</p>
<p>44 &#xB6; And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  45 Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel,
  and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall
  be mine: I am the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  46 And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and
  thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than the
  Levites;
</p>
<p>
  47 Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of
  the sanctuary shalt thou take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)
</p>
<p>
  48 And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be
  redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons.
</p>
<p>
  49 And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them
  that were redeemed by the Levites:
</p>
<p>
  50 Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand
  three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the shekel of the
  sanctuary:
</p>
<p>
  51 And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his
  sons, according to the word of the Lord, as the Lord commanded Moses.
</p>
