---
title: Numbers 34
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:57 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 34
---

<p>1 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the
  land of Canaan; (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance,
  even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof:)
</p>
<p>
  3 Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the
  coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt
  sea eastward:
</p>
<p>
  4 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and
  pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to
  Kadesh-barnea, and shall go on to Hazar-addar, and pass on to Azmon:
</p>
<p>
  5 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt, and
  the goings out of it shall be at the sea.
</p>
<p>
  6 And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a
  border: this shall be your west border.
</p>
<p>
  7 And this shall be your north border: from the great sea ye shall point out
  for you mount Hor:
</p>
<p>
  8 From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath;
  and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad:
</p>
<p>
  9 &#xB6; And the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall
  be at Hazar-enan: this shall be your north border.
</p>
<p>10 And ye shall point out your east border from Hazar-enan to Shepham:</p>
<p>
  11 And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of
  Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of
  Chinnereth eastward:
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  12 And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be
  at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about.
</p>
<p>
  13 And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, This is the land which
  ye shall inherit by lot, which the Lord commanded to give unto the nine
  tribes, and to the half tribe:
</p>
<p>
  14 For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their
  fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their
  fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have
  received their inheritance:
</p>
<p>
  15 The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this
  side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward the sunrising.
</p>
<p>16 And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,</p>
<p>
  17 These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you:
  Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun.
</p>
<p>
  18 And ye shall take one prince of every tribe, to divide the land by
  inheritance.
</p>
<p>
  19 And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of
  Jephunneh.
</p>
<p>
  20 And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud.
</p>
<p>21 Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon.</p>
<p>
  22 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Dan, Bukki the son of Jogli.
</p>
<p>
  23 The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the children of
  Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod.
</p>
<p>
  24 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim, Kemuel the son of
  Shiphtan.
</p>
<p>
  25 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun, Elizaphan the son
  of Parnach.
</p>
<p>
  26 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of
  Azzan.
</p>
<p>
  27 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of
  Shelomi.
</p>
<p>
  28 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Naphtali, Pedahel the son of
  Ammihud.
</p>
<p>
  29 These are they whom the Lord commanded to divide the inheritance unto the
  children of Israel in the land of Canaan.
</p>
