---
title: Alma 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:53 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<span></span>
<p>
  1 Now it came to pass that in the first year of the reign of the judges over
  the people of Nephi, from this time forward, king Mosiah having gone the way
  of all the earth, having warred a good warfare, walking uprightly before God,
  leaving none to reign in his stead; nevertheless he had established laws, and
  they were acknowledged by the people; therefore they were obliged to abide by
  the laws which he had made.
</p>
<p>
  2 And it came to pass that in the first year of the reign of Alma in the
  judgment-seat, there was a man brought before him to be judged, a man who was
  large, and was noted for his much strength.
</p>
<p>
  3 And he had gone about among the people, preaching to them that which he
  termed to be the word of God, bearing down against the church; declaring unto
  the people that every priest and teacher ought to become popular; and they
  ought not to labor with their hands, but that they ought to be supported by
  the people.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he also testified unto the people that all mankind should be saved at
  the last day, and that they need not fear nor tremble, but that they might
  lift up their heads and rejoice; for the Lord had created all men, and had
  also redeemed all men; and, in the end, all men should have eternal life.
</p>
<p>
  5 And it came to pass that he did teach these things so much that many did
  believe on his words, even so many that they began to support him and give him
  money.
</p>
<p>
  6 And he began to be lifted up in the pride of his heart, and to wear very
  costly apparel, yea, and even began to establish a church after the manner of
  his preaching.
</p>
<p>
  7 And it came to pass as he was going, to preach to those who believed on his
  word, he met a man who belonged to the church of God, yea, even one of their
  teachers; and he began to contend with him sharply, that he might lead away
  the people of the church; but the man withstood him, admonishing him with the
  words of God.
</p>
<p>
  8 Now the name of the man was Gideon; and it was he who was an instrument in
  the hands of God in delivering the people of Limhi out of bondage.
</p>
<p>
  9 Now, because Gideon withstood him with the words of God he was wroth with
  Gideon, and drew his sword and began to smite him. Now Gideon being stricken
  with many years, therefore he was not able to withstand his blows, therefore
  he was slain by the sword.
</p>
<p>
  10 And the man who slew him was taken by the people of the church, and was
  brought before Alma, to be judged according to the crimes which he had
  committed.
</p>
<p>
  11 And it came to pass that he stood before Alma and pled for himself with
  much boldness.
</p>
<p>
  12 But Alma said unto him: Behold, this is the first time that priestcraft has
  been introduced among this people. And behold, thou art not only guilty of
  priestcraft, but hast endeavored to enforce it by the sword; and were
  priestcraft to be enforced among this people it would prove their entire
  destruction.
</p>
<p>
  13 And thou hast shed the blood of a righteous man, yea, a man who has done
  much good among this people; and were we to spare thee his blood would come
  upon us for vengeance.
</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore thou art condemned to die, according to the law which has been
  given us by Mosiah, our last king; and it has been acknowledged by this
  people; therefore this people must abide by the law.
</p>
<p>
  15 And it came to pass that they took him; and his name was Nehor; and they
  carried him upon the top of the hill Manti, and there he was caused, or rather
  did acknowledge, between the heavens and the earth, that what he had taught to
  the people was contrary to the word of God; and there he suffered an
  ignominious death.
</p>
<p>
  16 Nevertheless, this did not put an end to the spreading of priestcraft
  through the land; for there were many who loved the vain things of the world,
  and they went forth preaching false doctrines; and this they did for the sake
  of riches and honor.
</p>
<p>
  17 Nevertheless, they durst not lie, if it were known, for fear of the law,
  for liars were punished; therefore they pretended to preach according to their
  belief; and now the law could have no power on any man for his belief.
</p>
<p>
  18 And they durst not steal, for fear of the law, for such were punished;
  neither durst they rob, nor murder, for he that murdered was punished unto
  death.
</p>
<p>
  19 But it came to pass that whosoever did not belong to the church of God
  began to persecute those that did belong to the church of God, and had taken
  upon them the name of Christ.
</p>
<p>
  20 Yea, they did persecute them, and afflict them with all manner of words,
  and this because of their humility; because they were not proud in their own
  eyes, and because they did impart the word of God, one with another, without
  money and without price.
</p>
<p>
  21 Now there was a strict law among the people of the church, that there
  should not any man, belonging to the church, arise and persecute those that
  did not belong to the church, and that there should be no persecution among
  themselves.
</p>
<p>
  22 Nevertheless, there were many among them who began to be proud, and began
  to contend warmly with their adversaries, even unto blows; yea, they would
  smite one another with their fists.
</p>
<p>
  23 Now this was in the second year of the reign of Alma, and it was a cause of
  much affliction to the church; yea, it was the cause of much trial with the
  church.
</p>
<p>
  24 For the hearts of many were hardened, and their names were blotted out,
  that they were remembered no more among the people of God. And also many
  withdrew themselves from among them.
</p>
<p>
  25 Now this was a great trial to those that did stand fast in the faith;
  nevertheless, they were steadfast and immovable in keeping the commandments of
  God, and they bore with patience the persecution which was heaped upon them.
</p>
<p>
  26 And when the priests left their labor to impart the word of God unto the
  people, the people also left their labors to hear the word of God. And when
  the priest had imparted unto them the word of God they all returned again
  diligently unto their labors; and the priest, not esteeming himself above his
  hearers, for the preacher was no better than the hearer, neither was the
  teacher any better than the learner; and thus they were all equal, and they
  did all labor, every man according to his strength.
</p>
<p>
  27 And they did impart of their substance, every man according to that which
  he had, to the poor, and the needy, and the sick, and the afflicted; and they
  did not wear costly apparel, yet they were neat and comely.
</p>
<p>
  28 And thus they did establish the affairs of the church; and thus they began
  to have continual peace again, notwithstanding all their persecutions.
</p>
<p>
  29 And now, because of the steadiness of the church they began to be
  exceedingly rich, having abundance of all things whatsoever they stood in
  need&#x2014;an abundance of flocks and herds, and fatlings of every kind, and
  also abundance of grain, and of gold, and of silver, and of precious things,
  and abundance of silk and fine-twined linen, and all manner of good homely
  cloth.
</p>
<p>
  30 And thus, in their prosperous circumstances, they did not send away any who
  were naked, or that were hungry, or that were athirst, or that were sick, or
  that had not been nourished; and they did not set their hearts upon riches;
  therefore they were liberal to all, both old and young, both bond and free,
  both male and female, whether out of the church or in the church, having no
  respect to persons as to those who stood in need.
</p>
<p>
  31 And thus they did prosper and become far more wealthy than those who did
  not belong to their church.
</p>
<p>
  32 For those who did not belong to their church did indulge themselves in
  sorceries, and in idolatry or idleness, and in babblings, and in envyings and
  strife; wearing costly apparel; being lifted up in the pride of their own
  eyes; persecuting, lying, thieving, robbing, committing whoredoms, and
  murdering, and all manner of wickedness; nevertheless, the law was put in
  force upon all those who did transgress it, inasmuch as it was possible.
</p>
<p>
  33 And it came to pass that by thus exercising the law upon them, every man
  suffering according to that which he had done, they became more still, and
  durst not commit any wickedness if it were known; therefore, there was much
  peace among the people of Nephi until the fifth year of the reign of the
  judges.
</p>
