---
title: Alma 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:09:58 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 And now it came to pass that Alma returned from the land of Gideon, after
  having taught the people of Gideon many things which cannot be written, having
  established the order of the church, according as he had before done in the
  land of Zarahemla, yea, he returned to his own house at Zarahemla to rest
  himself from the labors which he had performed.
</p>
<p>
  2 And thus ended the ninth year of the reign of the judges over the people of
  Nephi.
</p>
<p>
  3 And it came to pass in the commencement of the tenth year of the reign of
  the judges over the people of Nephi, that Alma departed from thence and took
  his journey over into the land of Melek, on the west of the river Sidon, on
  the west by the borders of the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  4 And he began to teach the people in the land of Melek according to the holy
  order of God, by which he had been called; and he began to teach the people
  throughout all the land of Melek.
</p>
<p>
  5 And it came to pass that the people came to him throughout all the borders
  of the land which was by the wilderness side. And they were baptized
  throughout all the land;
</p>
<p>
  6 So that when he had finished his work at Melek he departed thence, and
  traveled three days&#x2019; journey on the north of the land of Melek; and he
  came to a city which was called Ammonihah.
</p>
<p>
  7 Now it was the custom of the people of Nephi to call their lands, and their
  cities, and their villages, yea, even all their small villages, after the name
  of him who first possessed them; and thus it was with the land of Ammonihah.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it came to pass that when Alma had come to the city of Ammonihah he
  began to preach the word of God unto them.
</p>
<p>
  9 Now Satan had gotten great hold upon the hearts of the people of the city of
  Ammonihah; therefore they would not hearken unto the words of Alma.
</p>
<p>
  10 Nevertheless Alma labored much in the spirit, wrestling with God in mighty
  prayer, that he would pour out his Spirit upon the people who were in the
  city; that he would also grant that he might baptize them unto repentance.
</p>
<p>
  11 Nevertheless, they hardened their hearts, saying unto him: Behold, we know
  that thou art Alma; and we know that thou art high priest over the church
  which thou hast established in many parts of the land, according to your
  tradition; and we are not of thy church, and we do not believe in such foolish
  traditions.
</p>
<p>
  12 And now we know that because we are not of thy church we know that thou
  hast no power over us; and thou hast delivered up the judgment-seat unto
  Nephihah; therefore thou art not the chief judge over us.
</p>
<p>
  13 Now when the people had said this, and withstood all his words, and reviled
  him, and spit upon him, and caused that he should be cast out of their city,
  he departed thence and took his journey towards the city which was called
  Aaron.
</p>
<p>
  14 And it came to pass that while he was journeying thither, being weighed
  down with sorrow, wading through much tribulation and anguish of soul, because
  of the wickedness of the people who were in the city of Ammonihah, it came to
  pass while Alma was thus weighed down with sorrow, behold an angel of the Lord
  appeared unto him, saying:
</p>
<p>
  15 Blessed art thou, Alma; therefore, lift up thy head and rejoice, for thou
  hast great cause to rejoice; for thou hast been faithful in keeping the
  commandments of God from the time which thou receivedst thy first message from
  him. Behold, I am he that delivered it unto you.
</p>
<p>
  16 And behold, I am sent to command thee that thou return to the city of
  Ammonihah, and preach again unto the people of the city; yea, preach unto
  them. Yea, say unto them, except they repent the Lord God will destroy them.
</p>
<p>
  17 For behold, they do study at this time that they may destroy the liberty of
  thy people, (for thus saith the Lord) which is contrary to the statutes, and
  judgments, and commandments which he has given unto his people.
</p>
<p>
  18 Now it came to pass that after Alma had received his message from the angel
  of the Lord he returned speedily to the land of Ammonihah. And he entered the
  city by another way, yea, by the way which is on the south of the city of
  Ammonihah.
</p>
<p>
  19 And as he entered the city he was an hungered, and he said to a man: Will
  ye give to an humble servant of God something to eat?
</p>
<p>
  20 And the man said unto him: I am a Nephite, and I know that thou art a holy
  prophet of God, for thou art the man whom an angel said in a vision: Thou
  shalt receive. Therefore, go with me into my house and I will impart unto thee
  of my food; and I know that thou wilt be a blessing unto me and my house.
</p>
<p>
  21 And it came to pass that the man received him into his house; and the man
  was called Amulek; and he brought forth bread and meat and set before Alma.
</p>
<p>
  22 And it came to pass that Alma ate bread and was filled; and he blessed
  Amulek and his house, and he gave thanks unto God.
</p>
<p>
  23 And after he had eaten and was filled he said unto Amulek: I am Alma, and
  am the high priest over the church of God throughout the land.
</p>
<p>
  24 And behold, I have been called to preach the word of God among all this
  people, according to the spirit of revelation and prophecy; and I was in this
  land and they would not receive me, but they cast me out and I was about to
  set my back towards this land forever.
</p>
<p>
  25 But behold, I have been commanded that I should turn again and prophesy
  unto this people, yea, and to testify against them concerning their
  iniquities.
</p>
<p>
  26 And now, Amulek, because thou hast fed me and taken me in, thou art
  blessed; for I was an hungered, for I had fasted many days.
</p>
<p>
  27 And Alma tarried many days with Amulek before he began to preach unto the
  people.
</p>
<p>
  28 And it came to pass that the people did wax more gross in their iniquities.
</p>
<p>
  29 And the word came to Alma, saying: Go; and also say unto my servant Amulek,
  go forth and prophesy unto this people, saying&#x2014;Repent ye, for thus
  saith the Lord, except ye repent I will visit this people in mine anger; yea,
  and I will not turn my fierce anger away.
</p>
<p>
  30 And Alma went forth, and also Amulek, among the people, to declare the
  words of God unto them; and they were filled with the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>
  31 And they had power given unto them, insomuch that they could not be
  confined in dungeons; neither was it possible that any man could slay them;
  nevertheless they did not exercise their power until they were bound in bands
  and cast into prison. Now, this was done that the Lord might show forth his
  power in them.
</p>
<p>
  32 And it came to pass that they went forth and began to preach and to
  prophesy unto the people, according to the spirit and power which the Lord had
  given them.
</p>
