---
title: 1 Corinthians 10
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 10
---

<p>
  1 Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our
  fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
</p>
<p>2 And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;</p>
<p>3 And did all eat the same spiritual meat;</p>
<p>
  4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual
  Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.
</p>
<p>
  5 But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in
  the wilderness.
</p>
<p>
  6 Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after
  evil things, as they also lusted.
</p>
<p>
  7 Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people
  sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
</p>
<p>
  8 Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in
  one day three and twenty thousand.
</p>
<p>
  9 Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were
  destroyed of serpents.
</p>
<p>
  10 Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the
  destroyer.
</p>
<p>
  11 Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written
  for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.
</p>
<p>12 Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.</p>
<p>
  13 There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is
  faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but
  will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to
  bear it.
</p>
<p>14 Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.</p>
<p>15 I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say.</p>
<p>
  16 The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of
  Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of
  Christ?
</p>
<p>
  17 For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of
  that one bread.
</p>
<p>
  18 Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices
  partakers of the altar?
</p>
<p>
  19 What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in
  sacrifice to idols is any thing?
</p>
<p>
  20 But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to
  devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with
  devils.
</p>
<p>
  21 Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be
  partakers of the Lord&#x2019;s table, and of the table of devils.
</p>
<p>22 Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?</p>
<p>
  23 All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things
  are lawful for me, but all things edify not.
</p>
<p>24 Let no man seek his own, but every man another&#x2019;s wealth.</p>
<p>
  25 Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for
  conscience sake:
</p>
<p>26 For the earth is the Lord&#x2019;s, and the fulness thereof.</p>
<p>
  27 If any of them that believe not bid you to a feast, and ye be disposed to
  go; whatsoever is set before you, eat, asking no question for conscience sake.
</p>
<p>
  28 But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat
  not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the
  Lord&#x2019;s, and the fulness thereof:
</p>
<p>
  29 Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty
  judged of another man&#x2019;s conscience?
</p>
<p>
  30 For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which
  I give thanks?
</p>
<p>
  31 Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the
  glory of God.
</p>
<p>
  32 Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the
  church of God:
</p>
<p>
  33 Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but
  the profit of many, that they may be saved.
</p>
