---
title: 1 Corinthians 12
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:07 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 12
---

<p>
  1 Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.
</p>
<p>
  2 Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as
  ye were led.
</p>
<p>
  3 Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of
  God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord,
  but by the Holy Ghost.
</p>
<p>4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.</p>
<span></span>
<p>5 And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.</p>
<p>
  6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which
  worketh all in all.
</p>
<p>
  7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.
</p>
<p>
  8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of
  knowledge by the same Spirit;
</p>
<p>
  9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the
  same Spirit;
</p>
<p>
  10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another
  discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the
  interpretation of tongues:
</p>
<p>
  11 But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every
  man severally as he will.
</p>
<p>
  12 For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that
  one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
</p>
<p>
  13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or
  Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one
  Spirit.
</p>
<p>14 For the body is not one member, but many.</p>
<p>
  15 If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is
  it therefore not of the body?
</p>
<p>
  16 And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body;
  is it therefore not of the body?
</p>
<p>
  17 If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were
  hearing, where were the smelling?
</p>
<p>
  18 But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath
  pleased him.
</p>
<p>19 And if they were all one member, where were the body?</p>
<p>20 But now are they many members, yet but one body.</p>
<p>
  21 And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the
  head to the feet, I have no need of you.
</p>
<p>
  22 Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are
  necessary:
</p>
<p>
  23 And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon
  these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more
  abundant comeliness.
</p>
<p>
  24 For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together,
  having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked:
</p>
<p>
  25 That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should
  have the same care one for another.
</p>
<p>
  26 And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one
  member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it.
</p>
<p>27 Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.</p>
<p>
  28 And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets,
  thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps,
  governments, diversities of tongues.
</p>
<p>
  29 Are all apostles? are all prophets? are all teachers? are all workers of
  miracles?
</p>
<p>
  30 Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?
</p>
<p>
  31 But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more
  excellent way.
</p>
