---
title: 1 Corinthians 16
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:08 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 16
---

<p>
  1 Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the
  churches of Galatia, even so do ye.
</p>
<p>
  2 Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as
  God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.
</p>
<p>
  3 And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I
  send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem.
</p>
<p>4 And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me.</p>
<p>
  5 Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass
  through Macedonia.
</p>
<p>
  6 And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring
  me on my journey whithersoever I go.
</p>
<p>
  7 For I will not see you now by the way; but I trust to tarry a while with
  you, if the Lord permit.
</p>
<p>8 But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost.</p>
<p>
  9 For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many
  adversaries.
</p>
<p>
  10 Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he
  worketh the work of the Lord, as I also do.
</p>
<p>
  11 Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he
  may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren.
</p>
<p>
  12 As touching our brother Apollos, I greatly desired him to come unto you
  with the brethren: but his will was not at all to come at this time; but he
  will come when he shall have convenient time.
</p>
<p>13 Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.</p>
<p>14 Let all your things be done with charity.</p>
<p>
  15 I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the
  firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry
  of the saints,)
</p>
<p>
  16 That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us,
  and laboureth.
</p>
<p>
  17 I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that
  which was lacking on your part they have supplied.
</p>
<p>
  18 For they have refreshed my spirit and yours: therefore acknowledge ye them
  that are such.
</p>
<p>
  19 The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in
  the Lord, with the church that is in their house.
</p>
<p>20 All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss.</p>
<p>21 The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand.</p>
<p>
  22 If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be Anathema Maran-atha.
</p>
<p>23 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.</p>
<p>24 My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>
    &#xB6; The first epistle to the Corinthians was written from Philippi by
    Stephanas, and Fortunatus, and Achaicus, and Timotheus.
  </p>
</div>
