---
title: 1 Corinthians 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or
  of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.
</p>
<p>
  2 For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him
  crucified.
</p>
<p>3 And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.</p>
<p>
  4 And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man&#x2019;s
  wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:
</p>
<p>
  5 That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of
  God.
</p>
<p>
  6 Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of
  this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:
</p>
<p>
  7 But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which
  God ordained before the world unto our glory:
</p>
<p>
  8 Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they
  would not have crucified the Lord of glory.
</p>
<p>
  9 But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered
  into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love
  him.
</p>
<p>
  10 But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth
  all things, yea, the deep things of God.
</p>
<p>
  11 For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is
  in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.
</p>
<p>
  12 Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is
  of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.
</p>
<p>
  13 Which things also we speak, not in the words which man&#x2019;s wisdom
  teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with
  spiritual.
</p>
<p>
  14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they
  are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are
  spiritually discerned.
</p>
<p>
  15 But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no
  man.
</p>
<p>
  16 For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we
  have the mind of Christ.
</p>
