---
title: 1 Corinthians 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto
  carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.
</p>
<p>
  2 I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able
  to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.
</p>
<p>
  3 For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife,
  and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?
</p>
<p>
  4 For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not
  carnal?
</p>
<p>
  5 Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed,
  even as the Lord gave to every man?
</p>
<p>6 I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.</p>
<p>
  7 So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but
  God that giveth the increase.
</p>
<p>
  8 Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall
  receive his own reward according to his own labour.
</p>
<p>
  9 For we are labourers together with God: ye are God&#x2019;s husbandry, ye
  are God&#x2019;s building.
</p>
<p>
  10 According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise
  masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But
  let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
</p>
<p>
  11 For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus
  Christ.
</p>
<p>
  12 Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones,
  wood, hay, stubble;
</p>
<p>
  13 Every man&#x2019;s work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare
  it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every
  man&#x2019;s work of what sort it is.
</p>
<p>
  14 If any man&#x2019;s work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall
  receive a reward.
</p>
<p>
  15 If any man&#x2019;s work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he
  himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
</p>
<p>
  16 Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God
  dwelleth in you?
</p>
<p>
  17 If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple
  of God is holy, which temple ye are.
</p>
<p>
  18 Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this
  world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.
</p>
<p>
  19 For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He
  taketh the wise in their own craftiness.
</p>
<p>
  20 And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.
</p>
<p>21 Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yours;</p>
<p>
  22 Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or
  things present, or things to come; all are yours;
</p>
<p>23 And ye are Christ&#x2019;s; and Christ is God&#x2019;s.</p>
