---
title: 1 Corinthians 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:05 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not
  to touch a woman.
</p>
<p>
  2 Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let
  every woman have her own husband.
</p>
<p>
  3 Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the
  wife unto the husband.
</p>
<p>
  4 The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also
  the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.
</p>
<p>
  5 Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye
  may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan
  tempt you not for your incontinency.
</p>
<p>6 But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.</p>
<p>
  7 For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his
  proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.
</p>
<p>
  8 I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they
  abide even as I.
</p>
<p>
  9 But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than
  to burn.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  10 And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife
  depart from her husband:
</p>
<p>
  11 But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her
  husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.
</p>
<p>
  12 But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that
  believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be
  pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.
</p>
<p>
  14 For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving
  wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now
  are they holy.
</p>
<p>
  15 But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not
  under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace.
</p>
<p>
  16 For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how
  knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?
</p>
<p>
  17 But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called every
  one, so let him walk. And so ordain I in all churches.
</p>
<p>
  18 Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is
  any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.
</p>
<p>
  19 Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of
  the commandments of God.
</p>
<p>20 Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.</p>
<p>
  21 Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be
  made free, use it rather.
</p>
<p>
  22 For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord&#x2019;s
  freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ&#x2019;s
  servant.
</p>
<p>23 Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men.</p>
<p>24 Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.</p>
<p>
  25 Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my
  judgment, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful.
</p>
<p>
  26 I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that
  it is good for a man so to be.
</p>
<p>
  27 Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a
  wife? seek not a wife.
</p>
<p>
  28 But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she
  hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I
  spare you.
</p>
<p>
  29 But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they
  that have wives be as though they had none;
</p>
<p>
  30 And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as
  though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;
</p>
<p>
  31 And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this
  world passeth away.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  32 But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for
  the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:
</p>
<p>
  33 But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he
  may please his wife.
</p>
<p>
  34 There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman
  careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in
  spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she
  may please her husband.
</p>
<p>
  35 And this I speak for your own profit; not that I may cast a snare upon you,
  but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without
  distraction.
</p>
<p>
  36 But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin,
  if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he
  will, he sinneth not: let them marry.
</p>
<p>
  37 Nevertheless he that standeth steadfast in his heart, having no necessity,
  but hath power over his own will, and hath so decreed in his heart that he
  will keep his virgin, doeth well.
</p>
<p>
  38 So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her
  not in marriage doeth better.
</p>
<p>
  39 The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her
  husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  40 But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also
  that I have the Spirit of God.
</p>
