---
title: 1 Corinthians 8
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:06 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 8
---

<p>
  1 Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have
  knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.
</p>
<p>
  2 And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he
  ought to know.
</p>
<p>3 But if any man love God, the same is known of him.</p>
<p>
  4 As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in
  sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that
  there is none other God but one.
</p>
<p>
  5 For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as
  there be gods many, and lords many,)
</p>
<p>
  6 But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we
  in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.
</p>
<p>
  7 Howbeit there is not in every man that knowledge: for some with conscience
  of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol; and their
  conscience being weak is defiled.
</p>
<p>
  8 But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the
  better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse.
</p>
<p>
  9 But take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a
  stumblingblock to them that are weak.
</p>
<p>
  10 For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the
  idol&#x2019;s temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be
  emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;
</p>
<p>
  11 And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ
  died?
</p>
<p>
  12 But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience,
  ye sin against Christ.
</p>
<p>
  13 Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the
  world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend.
</p>
