---
title: Micah 5
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:26 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 5
---

<p>
  1 Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege
  against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek.
</p>
<p>
  2 But thou, Beth-lehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of
  Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in
  Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.
</p>
<p>
  3 Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth
  hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the
  children of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  4 &#xB6; And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the Lord, in the
  majesty of the name of the Lord his God; and they shall abide: for now shall
  he be great unto the ends of the earth.
</p>
<p>
  5 And this man shall be the peace, when the Assyrian shall come into our land:
  and when he shall tread in our palaces, then shall we raise against him seven
  shepherds, and eight principal men.
</p>
<p>
  6 And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of
  Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian,
  when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders.
</p>
<p>
  7 And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from
  the Lord, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor
  waiteth for the sons of men.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of
  many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among
  the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in
  pieces, and none can deliver.
</p>
<p>
  9 Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies
  shall be cut off.
</p>
<p>
  10 And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord, that I will cut off
  thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:
</p>
<p>
  11 And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong
  holds:
</p>
<p>
  12 And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt have no
  more soothsayers:
</p>
<p>
  13 Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the
  midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands.
</p>
<p>
  14 And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy
  thy cities.
</p>
<p>
  15 And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as
  they have not heard.
</p>
