---
title: Micah 6
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:28 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 6
---

<p>
  1 Hear ye now what the Lord saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains,
  and let the hills hear thy voice.
</p>
<p>
  2 Hear ye, O mountains, the Lord&#x2019;s controversy, and ye strong
  foundations of the earth: for the Lord hath a controversy with his people, and
  he will plead with Israel.
</p>
<p>
  3 O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee?
  testify against me.
</p>
<p>
  4 For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the
  house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.
</p>
<p>
  5 O my people, remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted, and what Balaam
  the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal; that ye may know the
  righteousness of the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; Wherewith shall I come before the Lord, and bow myself before the
  high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year
  old?
</p>
<p>
  7 Will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of
  rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my
  body for the sin of my soul?
</p>
<p>
  8 He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of
  thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?
</p>
<p>
  9 The Lord&#x2019;s voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall
  see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it.
</p>
<p>
  10 &#xB6; Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the
  wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?
</p>
<p>
  11 Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of
  deceitful weights?
</p>
<p>
  12 For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof
  have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
</p>
<p>
  13 Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee
  desolate because of thy sins.
</p>
<p>
  14 Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the
  midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which
  thou deliverest will I give up to the sword.
</p>
<p>
  15 Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but
  thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine, but shalt not drink wine.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; For the statutes of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of
  Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and
  the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my
  people.
</p>
