---
title: Micah 7
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:29 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 7
---

<p>
  1 Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the
  grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the
  firstripe fruit.
</p>
<p>
  2 The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among
  men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a
  net.
</p>
<p>
  3 &#xB6; That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh,
  and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his
  mischievous desire: so they wrap it up.
</p>
<p>
  4 The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn
  hedge: the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their
  perplexity.
</p>
<p>
  5 &#xB6; Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the
  doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom.
</p>
<p>
  6 For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter riseth up against her
  mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man&#x2019;s enemies
  are the men of his own house.
</p>
<p>
  7 Therefore I will look unto the Lord; I will wait for the God of my
  salvation: my God will hear me.
</p>
<p>
  8 &#xB6; Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise;
  when I sit in darkness, the Lord shall be a light unto me.
</p>
<p>
  9 I will bear the indignation of the Lord, because I have sinned against him,
  until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth
  to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness.
</p>
<p>
  10 Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which
  said unto me, Where is the Lord thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall
  she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.
</p>
<p>
  11 In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be
  far removed.
</p>
<p>
  12 In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the
  fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to
  sea, and from mountain to mountain.
</p>
<p>
  13 Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell
  therein, for the fruit of their doings.
</p>
<p>
  14 &#xB6; Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which
  dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan
  and Gilead, as in the days of old.
</p>
<p>
  15 According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew
  unto him marvellous things.
</p>
<p>
  16 &#xB6; The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they
  shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf.
</p>
<p>
  17 They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes
  like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the Lord our God, and shall
  fear because of thee.
</p>
<p>
  18 Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the
  transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for
  ever, because he delighteth in mercy.
</p>
<p>
  19 He will turn again, he will have compassion upon us; he will subdue our
  iniquities; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea.
</p>
<p>
  20 Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob, and the mercy to Abraham, which thou
  hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old.
</p>
