---
title: Jeremiah 1
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:19 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 1
---

<p>
  1 The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in
  Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:
</p>
<p>
  2 To whom the word of the Lord came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king
  of Judah, in the thirteenth year of his reign.
</p>
<p>
  3 It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto
  the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto
  the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month.
</p>
<p>4 Then the word of the Lord came unto me, saying,</p>
<p>
  5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth
  out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the
  nations.
</p>
<p>6 Then said I, Ah, Lord God! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; But the Lord said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go
  to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.
</p>
<p>
  8 Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the
  Lord.
</p>
<p>
  9 Then the Lord put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the Lord said
  unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth.
</p>
<p>
  10 See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to
  root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and
  to plant.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Moreover the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Jeremiah, what
  seest thou? And I said, I see a rod of an almond tree.
</p>
<p>
  12 Then said the Lord unto me, Thou hast well seen: for I will hasten my word
  to perform it.
</p>
<p>
  13 And the word of the Lord came unto me the second time, saying, What seest
  thou? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the
  north.
</p>
<p>
  14 Then the Lord said unto me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon
  all the inhabitants of the land.
</p>
<p>
  15 For, lo, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north, saith
  the Lord; and they shall come, and they shall set every one his throne at the
  entering of the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round
  about, and against all the cities of Judah.
</p>
<p>
  16 And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness,
  who have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, and worshipped
  the works of their own hands.
</p>
<p>
  17 &#xB6; Thou therefore gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all
  that I command thee: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound thee
  before them.
</p>
<p>
  18 For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar,
  and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against
  the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of
  the land.
</p>
<p>
  19 And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee;
  for I am with thee, saith the Lord, to deliver thee.
</p>
