---
title: Jeremiah 18
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:43 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 18
---

<p>1 The word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord, saying,</p>
<p>
  2 Arise, and go down to the potter&#x2019;s house, and there I will cause thee
  to hear my words.
</p>
<p>
  3 Then I went down to the potter&#x2019;s house, and, behold, he wrought a
  work on the wheels.
</p>
<p>
  4 And the vessel that he made of clay was marred in the hand of the potter: so
  he made it again another vessel, as seemed good to the potter to make it.
</p>
<p>5 Then the word of the Lord came to me, saying,</p>
<p>
  6 O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this potter? saith the Lord.
  Behold, as the clay is in the potter&#x2019;s hand, so are ye in mine hand, O
  house of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  7 At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom,
  to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it;
</p>
<p>
  8 If that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will
  repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them.
</p>
<p>
  9 And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a
  kingdom, to build and to plant it;
</p>
<p>
  10 If it do evil in my sight, that it obey not my voice, then I will repent of
  the good, wherewith I said I would benefit them.
</p>
<p>
  11 &#xB6; Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the
  inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the Lord; Behold, I frame evil
  against you, and devise a device against you: return ye now every one from his
  evil way, and make your ways and your doings good.
</p>
<p>
  12 And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices,
  and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart.
</p>
<p>
  13 Therefore thus saith the Lord; Ask ye now among the heathen, who hath heard
  such things: the virgin of Israel hath done a very horrible thing.
</p>
<p>
  14 Will a man leave the snow of Lebanon which cometh from the rock of the
  field? or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be
  forsaken?
</p>
<p>
  15 Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity,
  and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to
  walk in paths, in a way not cast up;
</p>
<p>
  16 To make their land desolate, and a perpetual hissing; every one that
  passeth thereby shall be astonished, and wag his head.
</p>
<p>
  17 I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy; I will shew them
  the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity.
</p>
<p>
  18 &#xB6; Then said they, Come, and let us devise devices against Jeremiah;
  for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor
  the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let
  us not give heed to any of his words.
</p>
<p>
  19 Give heed to me, O Lord, and hearken to the voice of them that contend with
  me.
</p>
<p>
  20 Shall evil be recompensed for good? for they have digged a pit for my soul.
  Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them, and to turn away thy
  wrath from them.
</p>
<p>
  21 Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood
  by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children,
  and be widows; and let their men be put to death; let their young men be slain
  by the sword in battle.
</p>
<p>
  22 Let a cry be heard from their houses, when thou shalt bring a troop
  suddenly upon them: for they have digged a pit to take me, and hid snares for
  my feet.
</p>
<p>
  23 Yet, Lord, thou knowest all their counsel against me to slay me: forgive
  not their iniquity, neither blot out their sin from thy sight, but let them be
  overthrown before thee; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger.
</p>
