---
title: Jeremiah 27
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:52 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 27
---

<p>
  1 In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah
  came this word unto Jeremiah from the Lord, saying,
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  2 Thus saith the Lord to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy
  neck,
</p>
<p>
  3 And send them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king
  of the Ammonites, and to the king of Tyrus, and to the king of Zidon, by the
  hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah;
</p>
<p>
  4 And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the Lord of hosts,
  the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;
</p>
<p>
  5 I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my
  great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed
  meet unto me.
</p>
<p>
  6 And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the
  king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also
  to serve him.
</p>
<p>
  7 And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son&#x2019;s son,
  until the very time of his land come: and then many nations and great kings
  shall serve themselves of him.
</p>
<p>
  8 And it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve
  the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck
  under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish, saith the
  Lord, with the sword, and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I
  have consumed them by his hand.
</p>
<p>
  9 Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your
  dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you,
  saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon:
</p>
<p>
  10 For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and
  that I should drive you out, and ye should perish.
</p>
<p>
  11 But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of
  Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, saith
  the Lord; and they shall till it, and dwell therein.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words,
  saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him
  and his people, and live.
</p>
<p>
  13 Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and by
  the pestilence, as the Lord hath spoken against the nation that will not serve
  the king of Babylon?
</p>
<p>
  14 Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you,
  saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto
  you.
</p>
<p>
  15 For I have not sent them, saith the Lord, yet they prophesy a lie in my
  name; that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the
  prophets that prophesy unto you.
</p>
<p>
  16 Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith the
  Lord; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you,
  saying, Behold, the vessels of the Lord&#x2019;s house shall now shortly be
  brought again from Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.
</p>
<p>
  17 Hearken not unto them; serve the king of Babylon, and live: wherefore
  should this city be laid waste?
</p>
<p>
  18 But if they be prophets, and if the word of the Lord be with them, let them
  now make intercession to the Lord of hosts, that the vessels which are left in
  the house of the Lord, and in the house of the king of Judah, and at
  Jerusalem, go not to Babylon.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; For thus saith the Lord of hosts concerning the pillars, and
  concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and concerning the residue of
  the vessels that remain in this city,
</p>
<p>
  20 Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not, when he carried away captive
  Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all
  the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem;
</p>
<p>
  21 Yea, thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, concerning the
  vessels that remain in the house of the Lord, and in the house of the king of
  Judah and of Jerusalem;
</p>
<p>
  22 They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day
  that I visit them, saith the Lord; then will I bring them up, and restore them
  to this place.
</p>
