---
title: Jeremiah 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:23 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>
  1 They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become
  another man&#x2019;s, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be
  greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return
  again to me, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  2 Lift up thine eyes unto the high places, and see where thou hast not been
  lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, as the Arabian in the
  wilderness; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy
  wickedness.
</p>
<p>
  3 Therefore the showers have been withholden, and there hath been no latter
  rain; and thou hadst a whore&#x2019;s forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed.
</p>
<p>
  4 Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of
  my youth?
</p>
<p>
  5 Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, thou
  hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.
</p>
<p>
  6 &#xB6; The Lord said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou
  seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high
  mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot.
</p>
<p>
  7 And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she
  returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.
</p>
<p>
  8 And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed
  adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her
  treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.
</p>
<p>
  9 And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled
  the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
</p>
<p>
  10 And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me
  with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  11 And the Lord said unto me, The backsliding Israel hath justified herself
  more than treacherous Judah.
</p>
<p>
  12 &#xB6; Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou
  backsliding Israel, saith the Lord; and I will not cause mine anger to fall
  upon you: for I am merciful, saith the Lord, and I will not keep anger for
  ever.
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  13 Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the
  Lord thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green
  tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  14 Turn, O backsliding children, saith the Lord; for I am married unto you:
  and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you
  to Zion:
</p>
<p>
  15 And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you
  with knowledge and understanding.
</p>
<p>
  16 And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land,
  in those days, saith the Lord, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant
  of the Lord: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it;
  neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.
</p>
<p>
  17 At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the Lord; and all the
  nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the Lord, to Jerusalem:
  neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.
</p>
<p>
  18 In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel, and
  they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have
  given for an inheritance unto your fathers.
</p>
<p>
  19 But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a
  pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou
  shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me.
</p>
<p>
  20 &#xB6; Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have
  ye dealt treacherously with me, O house of Israel, saith the Lord.
</p>
<p>
  21 A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the
  children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten
  the Lord their God.
</p>
<p>
  22 Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold,
  we come unto thee; for thou art the Lord our God.
</p>
<p>
  23 Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude
  of mountains: truly in the Lord our God is the salvation of Israel.
</p>
<p>
  24 For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth; their
  flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.
</p>
<p>
  25 We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned
  against the Lord our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this
  day, and have not obeyed the voice of the Lord our God.
</p>
