---
title: Jeremiah 42
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:11:01 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 42
---

<p>
  1 Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and
  Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the
  greatest, came near,
</p>
<p>
  2 And said unto Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication
  be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the Lord thy God, even for all
  this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:)
</p>
<p>
  3 That the Lord thy God may shew us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing
  that we may do.
</p>
<p>
  4 Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them, I have heard you; behold, I will
  pray unto the Lord your God according to your words; and it shall come to
  pass, that whatsoever thing the Lord shall answer you, I will declare it unto
  you; I will keep nothing back from you.
</p>
<p>
  5 Then they said to Jeremiah, The Lord be a true and faithful witness between
  us, if we do not even according to all things for the which the Lord thy God
  shall send thee to us.
</p>
<p>
  6 Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the
  Lord our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we obey
  the voice of the Lord our God.
</p>
<p>
  7 &#xB6; And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of the Lord came
  unto Jeremiah.
</p>
<p>
  8 Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces
  which were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,
</p>
<p>
  9 And said unto them, Thus saith the Lord, the God of Israel, unto whom ye
  sent me to present your supplication before him;
</p>
<p>
  10 If ye will still abide in this land, then will I build you, and not pull
  you down, and I will plant you, and not pluck you up: for I repent me of the
  evil that I have done unto you.
</p>
<p>
  11 Be not afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom ye are afraid; be not afraid
  of him, saith the Lord: for I am with you to save you, and to deliver you from
  his hand.
</p>
<p>
  12 And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and
  cause you to return to your own land.
</p>
<p>
  13 &#xB6; But if ye say, We will not dwell in this land, neither obey the
  voice of the Lord your God,
</p>
<p>
  14 Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no
  war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there
  will we dwell:
</p>
<p>
  15 And now therefore hear the word of the Lord, ye remnant of Judah; Thus
  saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel; If ye wholly set your faces to
  enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn there;
</p>
<p>
  16 Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake
  you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall
  follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die.
</p>
<p>
  17 So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to
  sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the
  pestilence: and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will
  bring upon them.
</p>
<p>
  18 For thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel; As mine anger and my
  fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my
  fury be poured forth upon you, when ye shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be
  an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall
  see this place no more.
</p>
<p>
  19 &#xB6; The Lord hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye not
  into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day.
</p>
<p>
  20 For ye dissembled in your hearts, when ye sent me unto the Lord your God,
  saying, Pray for us unto the Lord our God; and according unto all that the
  Lord our God shall say, so declare unto us, and we will do it.
</p>
<p>
  21 And now I have this day declared it to you; but ye have not obeyed the
  voice of the Lord your God, nor any thing for the which he hath sent me unto
  you.
</p>
<p>
  22 Now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword, by the famine,
  and by the pestilence, in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn.
</p>
