---
title: Philippians 2
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 2
---

<p>
  1 If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if
  any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
</p>
<p>
  2 Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one
  accord, of one mind.
</p>
<p>
  3 Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind
  let each esteem other better than themselves.
</p>
<p>
  4 Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of
  others.
</p>
<p>5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:</p>
<p>
  6 Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
</p>
<p>
  7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant,
  and was made in the likeness of men:
</p>
<p>
  8 And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient
  unto death, even the death of the cross.
</p>
<p>
  9 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is
  above every name:
</p>
<p>
  10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and
  things in earth, and things under the earth;
</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the
  glory of God the Father.
</p>
<p>
  12 Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence
  only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear
  and trembling.
</p>
<p>
  13 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good
  pleasure.
</p>
<p>14 Do all things without murmurings and disputings:</p>
<p>
  15 That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in
  the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in
  the world;
</p>
<p>
  16 Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ,
  that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.
</p>
<p>
  17 Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I
  joy, and rejoice with you all.
</p>
<p>18 For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.</p>
<p>
  19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I
  also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.
</p>
<p>20 For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.</p>
<p>
  21 For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ&#x2019;s.
</p>
<p>
  22 But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath
  served with me in the gospel.
</p>
<p>
  23 Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will
  go with me.
</p>
<p>24 But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.</p>
<p>
  25 Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and
  companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that
  ministered to my wants.
</p>
<p>
  26 For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had
  heard that he had been sick.
</p>
<p>
  27 For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not
  on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.
</p>
<p>
  28 I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye
  may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
</p>
<p>
  29 Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in
  reputation:
</p>
<p>
  30 Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his
  life, to supply your lack of service toward me.
</p>
