---
title: 2 Timothy 3
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:02 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 3
---

<p>1 This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.</p>
<p>
  2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud,
  blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
</p>
<p>
  3 Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent,
  fierce, despisers of those that are good,
</p>
<p>
  4 Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
</p>
<p>
  5 Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn
  away.
</p>
<p>
  6 For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly
  women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
</p>
<p>7 Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.</p>
<p>
  8 Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the
  truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
</p>
<p>
  9 But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto
  all men, as theirs also was.
</p>
<p>
  10 But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith,
  longsuffering, charity, patience,
</p>
<p>
  11 Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at
  Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered
  me.
</p>
<p>
  12 Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
</p>
<p>
  13 But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being
  deceived.
</p>
<p>
  14 But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been
  assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;
</p>
<p>
  15 And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able
  to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
</p>
<p>
  16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for
  doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
</p>
<p>
  17 That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good
  works.
</p>
