---
title: 2 Timothy 4
date: Thu Apr 16 2020 14:10:03 GMT-0600 (Mountain Daylight Time)
description: 
order: 4
---

<p>
  1 I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall
  judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
</p>
<p>
  2 Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke,
  exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.
</p>
<p>
  3 For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after
  their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
</p>
<p>
  4 And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto
  fables.
</p>
<p>
  5 But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an
  evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.
</p>
<p>
  6 For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.
</p>
<p>
  7 I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the
  faith:
</p>
<p>
  8 Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord,
  the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto
  all them also that love his appearing.
</p>
<p>9 Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:</p>
<p>
  10 For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is
  departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.
</p>
<p>
  11 Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is
  profitable to me for the ministry.
</p>
<p>12 And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.</p>
<p>
  13 The cloak that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with
  thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.
</p>
<p>
  14 Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil: the Lord reward him according
  to his works:
</p>
<p>15 Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words.</p>
<p>
  16 At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God
  that it may not be laid to their charge.
</p>
<p>
  17 Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the
  preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I
  was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.
</p>
<p>
  18 And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me
  unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
</p>
<p>19 Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.</p>
<p>20 Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.</p>
<span></span>
<p>
  21 Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens,
  and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.
</p>
<p>22 The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.</p>
<div class="closing-block">
  <p>
    &#xB6; The second epistle unto Timotheus, ordained the first bishop of the
    church of the Ephesians, was written from Rome, when Paul was brought before
    Nero the second time.
  </p>
</div>
